Hank:  I still think about the night your mother and I had to leave you... 
 
Janet:  Hopefully, it's not for long, but I'll call you when we get settled.When I have a better indication of what's going on. 
Young Hope: Mommy? 
 
Janet: Oh, Jellybean.  Daddy and I have a last minute business trip, so Rose is going to stay with you for a few days. 
Young Hope: No. I don't want you to go. 
Janet: Ugh! It's gonna be so boring! I won't be able to keep my... eyes... 
Hank: Goodbye, sweetheart. Alright, we'll see you soon.  
  
Hank:  I wish we could have put down our bags, and tucked you back into your bed, but too many lives were at stake.  
 
Hank: Oh my god! They've already launched! 
 
Janet: We have to stop it! Come on! 
 
Hank:  The only way to disarm the missile was to get inside it, but the plating was too thick. The only way in was to shrink between the molecules.  
 
Janet: I can't get through! Hank... 
 
Hank:  We both knew that if you go that small, there's no coming back.  
 
Hank:  It should have been me, but my regulator was damaged. Your mother's wasn't. 
  
Janet: Tell Hope I love her... 
Hank:  She turned it off. 
Hank: Janet, no!   
 
Hank: And went subatomic to deactivate the bomb.  
 
Hank:  Your mother saves thousands of lives that day, knowing she'd be lost in the quantum realm. Alone. Afraid. Gone forever. 
 
Hank:  Telling you that she wasn't coming home, was the hardest thing that I ever had to do. But then Scott showed up...or should I say, broke into our house. And when he went to the Quantum Realm... he came back, everything changed. I started to wonder...could your mother still be alive? So I dusted off some old plans. 
 
Hope: Dad, what are you saying? 
Hank: I think it's possible to bring her back. 
 
Scott: Okay. We're in.  Aw, this place is a maze. Where's that map? We're definitely close. Are you ready? 
Cassie: I'm ready, Daddy. 
Scott: Are you sure? Cause once we're inside, you show any hesitation or fear, we're done. 
Cassie: I eat fear for breakfast. 
Scott: Wow. That is super cool. Come on. 
 
Scott: Look! It's Anton. He'll show us the way. Anton, which way do we go?  Anton, which way do we go?! 
 
Scott: Thanks Anton! 
 
Scott Lang: Look! The ants have burrowed into the tech facility. 
Cassie Lang: Oh, no! Lasers! 
 
Scott Lang: Oh! I think I got lased! 
 
Scott Lang: The secret vault. Tell me you brought the contact lens. 
Cassie Lang: Yup!  
 
Scott Lang: Perfect! Right there. 
 
Cassie Lang: There! It's the microtreasure! 
 
Scott Lang: My trophy? 
Cassie Lang: It looks like treasure. 
Scott Lang: Oh, it is to me. 
Cassie Lang: I wanna take it to show and tell. 
Scott Lang: Oh, you can't do that. Can't. It never leaves the house. It's too important. This is the best birthday present you ever got me. I'm so touched you think I'm the 'World's Greatest Grandma.'" 
 
Cassie:  It was the only one they had. 
Scott: Makes me wanna knit you a sweater.  
 
Cassie: Oh no! The fuzz!  
Luis: Hey, Scotty. I was looking at the schematics for the Karapetyan buildings, and I think we have way too many security cameras, don't we? 
Scott: No, no, not at all. 
Luis: You sure? 'Cause it's a lot of security cameras.  
Scott: I know what he needs. Who's the security expert in our business?  
Luis: You are, but I'm running the company, and if we oversell it, he's gonna go somewhere else. I mean, we gotta land this bird.  
Scott: He ain't goin' anywhere. And the expression is "'land this fish." 
Luis: No. It's "land the bird." Just like you land a plane. You gotta land the plane to be in business.  
Scott: I know it's silly to get hung up on these kinds of things, but I do. 
Luis: How am I gonna land a fish? It can't walk. And if it swam up on a shore, and it battled a hawk, who's gonna win? 
Scott: You really turned me around on this thing. It's okay. We're gonna land Karapetyan. Now, if you just excuse me, I'm in the middle of trying to steal something with my daughter.  
Luis: Imma go recheck it. 
 
Cassie: To the escape ant.  
 
Cassie: Let's bounce before the po-po come back.  
Scott: The po-po? How do you even know that?  Let's fly Antionette. Let's fly! 
 
Scott: Crash landing!  
 
Cassie: I wish we could shrink for real. 
Scott: Oh, that is pretty cool! 
 
Luis: Hey, I'm headed to the office, Scotty. And sorry about freaking out earlier, you know. But I feel like I'm way better. My heart is definitely beating way too hard and stuff, and my hands are shaking, but I think that's unrelated, you know? 
Scott: It's gonna be great, Luis. You got nothing to worry about.  
Luis: Yeah, yeah. I'm the boss, I'm the boss, I'm the boss...  
 
Cassie:  Daddy! 
 
  
Scott: Come on, Woo! I got three days left. Why would I try to escape?  
Woo: I'm sorry, Scott, but rules are rules. You trip the perimeter alarm, we search the place. Keel to stern. Soup to nuts.  
 
Scott:  Thank you. It was an accident. My foot went through the fence.  
Cassie: Our flying ant crashed. 
 
Scott: Hey, you try entertaining a ten-year-old when you can't leave the house. You know the lengths that I've gone to?  Close up magic. I learned that.  
Cassie: Why can't you just leave my daddy alone? 
 
Woo: Oh, Cassie. This must all seem like a bunch of confusing grown-up stuff to you, huh? Well, think of it this way: Your school has rules, right? Like...You can't draw on the walls. Well, your Daddy went to Germany and drew on the walls with Captain America. And that was a violation of Article 16, Paragraph 3 of the Sokovia Accords.  Now as a part of his joint plea deal with Homeland Security and the German government, he's allowed to return to the U.S., provided he serve two years under house arrest, followed by three years of probation. and avoid any unauthorized activities, technology, or contact with any former associates, who were or currently are, in violation of said Accords, or any related statutes. Okay sweetie? 
Scott: Wow, you're really great with kids. 
Woo: Thanks, I'm also a youth pastor.  Anyway, not to be a Johnny Ask-A-Lot, but you haven't had any contact with Hank Pym or Hope van Dyne, have you? 
Scott: No.  
Woo: You sure? Because it's only a matter of time before we get 'em. It was their tech, so they violated the Accords, too. And associating with them breaks your deal. And I don't need to remind you that any violation of your agreement means 20 years in prison. Minimum.  
Scott: I haven't talked to Hank or Hope in forever. 
Cassie: They hate his guts. 
Scott: Thanks, peanut.  
 
Woo: How'd you do it, Scott?  
Scott: Do what? 
Woo: The card trick. 
Scott: Seriously? 
 
Maggie: Oh my god! You people can't just show up here whenever you want and search the place. 
Paxton: Actually they can. 
Maggie: You need a warrant. 
Paxton: Actually they don't. 
Maggie: Really? Wow. 
 
Maggie: Did you pack your soccer shoes? 
Cassie:  Yeah.  
Maggie:  Next time I see you, will be on the outside! 
Paxton: Oh, get on the inside of this.  Three days! Seriously? I'm proud of you, buddy.  
Scott: Thank you. 
Paxton: You know what? Give me another one.   
Maggie: Me, too! Freedom, business, I'm sensing greatness! 
Cassie: I had a fun weekend, Daddy. 
Scott: Me too, Peanut. Just wait till next weekend. Once I'm outta here, we're gonna go paint this town red. We'll have so much ice cream, we'll never stop puking.  
Maggie: You're getting good at that. 
Paxton: How'd you do that? 
Cassie: Bye, Daddy! 
  
Scott: Three days... Easy-peasy. 
 
 
 
  
Man in the Video: Snap your fingers. That gets them to look over there. Now that is misdirection.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Scott: Easy-peasy... 
 
Scott:  What? 
Janet:  I'm gonna find you, Jellybean.  I found you! 
Young Hope:  You always find me, Mommy. 
Scott:  What the hell? 
 
 
 Scott: Hey, Hank. It's been a while. Umm... I don't even know if this is your number anymore... and, I'm probably the last person you wanna hear from. But... I just had a really weird dream. And I know that doesn't sound like an emergency or anything, but it just felt... very real. I was back in the Quantum Realm, and... I think I saw your wife. And then I was your wife. I mean, not in a weird way... You know... hearing this out loud, I'm thinking, it's not an emergency. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm sorry for a lot of things."  
 

Scott:  Hope?  Is this another dream? 
 Hope: Do you think it's a dream, or is it possible that you really saw my Mom down there? 
Scott: I'm not sure...  I can't be here! I can't be, I'm under house arrest. 
 Hope: They won't open while the system's engaged, Scott.   
Scott: You have to take me home. They can show up any second. 
Hope: Relax. As far as your nanny cops know, you're still at home. 
 
 
 Luis: Woah! Scotty? 
 
Hope: He's programmed to replicate your daily routine. Nine hours in bed, five hours in front of the TV, two hours in the bathroom -  whatever that's about. 
Scott:  That's totally inaccurate. And how do you know about my daily routine? Are you spying on me? 
Hope: We keep tabs on all security threats, all right? And so far, the biggest one we've had is you. 
 
Scott:  I'm sorry about Germany. They just showed up. They said it was a matter of national security, that Cap needed help- 
Hope: Cap? 
Scott: ...tain America. Captain... Cap. It's what we call him.  If you're a friend. I think I'm a friend, a little. I know him. He's nice. Whatever... I'm sorry! All right? I didn't think I'd get caught. 
Hope: You didn't think about a lot of things. 
Scott:  How's Hank? 
Hope: We're still running, the house is gone. So is our freedom. How do you think he is? 
Scott:  I'm sorry. I know you're mad. 
 Hope: I'm not looking for an apology, Scott. The only reason why we're even talking is because we need what's in your head. 
 
 Scott: Is this where you're living? If you need help, money or something, maybe I can... 
Hope: We're fine. 
 
 
Scott: Hey, Hank. Look... I just want to-  
Hank: Save it. Can we start? 
Hope: Yeah. So, while you were relaxing at home, we were building this. It's a tunnel. To the Quantum Realm. To my Mom. We think she might still be down there, we just don't know where. 
Scott: What? 
Hope: If we can pinpoint my Mom's location, then the pod can take me down to get her. 
Scott: You built all this and you don't even know if she's alive? 
Hanks: It's called a hypothesis. Last night we powered up the tunnel for the first time. It overloaded, and it shut down. But for a split second, the doorway to the Quantum Realm was opened. 
Scott:  And? 
Hank: And five minutes later, you called. Talking about Mom. We think when you went down there, you may have entangled with her. 
Scott: Hank, I would never do that. I respect you too much. 
Hank:  Quantum entanglement, Scott. 
Hope:  We think she might have put some kind of message in your head. Hopefully, a location. And opening the tunnel triggered it. 
Scott:  Your Mom put a message in my head? Come on. That's insane. 
Hank: No, Scott. Insane... is going to Germany without telling us and fighting the Avengers. Just tell me you weren't lying about the suit you took. Tell me you really destroyed it. 
Scott: I did. I destroyed it. I swear. 
Hank: I can't believe you destroyed my suit. That was my life's work. 
Scott: What was I supposed to do? 
Hank: You were supposed to not take my suit! 
 
Scott: I'm sorry, Hank. I'm sorry I took the suit. I'm sorry that I called last night. I don't remember seeing Janet down there. I wish that I did. I just had a dream about her playing hide and seek with a little girl.  
Hope: What? 
Scott: I had a dream. She was playing hide and seek with a little... girl. Cassie and I do it all the time. It doesn't mean anything. 
Hope: But, was it Cassie in the dream? 
Scott: No. 
Hope: Where was she hiding? 
Scott : What? 
Hope: The little girl, where was she hiding. Was it in a wardrobe? 
Scott: No, it's in a tall dresser. 
Hank: You mean a wardrobe. 
Scott: Is that what that's called? 
Hope: What color was it? 
Scott: Red. 
 
Hope: Were there horses on it? 
Scott: Oh, boy. 
Hope:  It's where I hid every time we played. 
Scott:  Doesn't sound like you really got the gist of the game. 
Hope : She's alive! 
Hank: I knew it. I knew it! 
Hope: We need to get that part. 
Hank: Okay. Hank: Okay. 
Hope: The sooner we get the tunnel working, the sooner we can get this message out his head. 
Hank: Does Burch have it? 
Hope: Yeah. Let's go. 
Scott : What part? Who's Burch? Wait, what's happening? 
Hope: We need a component to stop the tunnel from overloading again. I brought your clothes. You might wanna change. 
 
Scott: Look. I'd really like to help you out. But if I'm not home when they come to take off my ankle monitor then I'm going away forever. 
Hope:  Once we get the component and power up the tunnel, we'll get the message and have you home by lunch. We have to hurry. The entanglement won't last. 
Hank: You owe us. 
Scott: All right, fine. But can I just wait inside? Because I'm not supposed to be out here. 
 
Hank: Let's go. 
