 
Steve Rogers: On your left. 
 
Steve Rogers: On your left. 
Sam Wilson: Uh-huh, on my left. Got it. 
 
Sam Wilson: Don't say it! Don't you say it! 
Steve Rogers: On your left! 
Sam Wilson: Come on! 
 
 
Steve Rogers: Need a medic? 
 
Sam Wilson: I need a new set of lungs. Dude, you just ran like 13 miles in 30 minutes. 
Steve Rogers: I guess I got a late start. 
Sam Wilson: Oh, really? You should be ashamed of yourself. You should take another lap. 
 
Sam Wilson: Did you just take it? I assumed you just took it. 
Steve Rogers: What unit you with? 
Sam Wilson: 58, Pararescue. But now I'm working down at the VA. Sam Wilson. 
 
Steve Rogers: Steve Rogers. 
Sam Wilson: I kind of put that together. Must have freaked you out coming home after the whole defrosting thing. 
Steve Rogers: It takes some getting used to. It's good to meet you, Sam. 
 
Sam Wilson: It's your bed, right? 
Steve Rogers: What's that? 
Sam Wilson: Your bed, it's too soft. When I was over there I'd sleep on the ground and use rock for pillows, like a caveman. Now I'm home, lying in my bed, and it's like... 
Steve Rogers: Lying on a marshmallow. Feel like I'm gonna sink right to the floor. 
 
Steve Rogers: How long? 
Sam Wilson: Two tours. You must miss the good old days, huh? 
Steve Rogers: Well, things aren't so bad. Food's a lot better, we used to boil everything. No polio is good. Internet, so helpful. I've been reading that a lot trying to catch up. 
Sam Wilson: Marvin Gaye, 1972, "Trouble Man" soundtrack. Everything you've missed jammed into one album. 
Steve Rogers: I'll put it on the list. 
 
 
Steve Rogers: Alright, Sam, duty calls. Thanks for the run. If that's what you wanna call running.  
Sam Wilson: Oh, that's how it is? 
Steve Rogers: Oh, that's how it is. 
Sam Wilson:  Okay. Any time you wanna stop by the VA, make me look awesome in front of the girl at the front desk, just let me know. 
Steve Rogers: I'll keep it in mind. 
Sam Wilson: Okay. 
 
Natasha Romanoff: Hey, fellas. Either one of you know where the Smithsonian is? I'm here to pick up a fossil. 
Steve Rogers: That's hilarious. 
 
Sam Wilson: How you doing? 
Natasha Romanoff: Hey. 
Steve Rogers: Can't run everywhere. 
Sam Wilson: No, you can't. 
 

 
Rumlow: The target is a mobile satellite launch platform: The Lemurian Star. They were sending up their last payload when pirates took them, 93 minutes ago. 
Steve Rogers: Any demands? 
Rumlow: A billion and a half. 
Steve Rogers: Why so steep? 
Rumlow: Because it SHIELD's. 
Steve Rogers: So it's not off-course, it's trespassing. 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm sure they have a good reason. 
Steve Rogers: You know, I'm getting a little tired of being Fury's janitor. 
Natasha Romanoff: Relax, it's not that complicated. 
Steve Rogers: How many pirates? 
Rumlow: Twenty-five, top mercs, led by this guy. Georges Batroc. 
 
Rumlow: Ex-DGSE, Action Division. He's at the top of Interpol's Red Notice. Before the French demobilized him, he had thirty-six kill missions. This guy's got a rep for maximum casualties. 
Steve Rogers: Hostages? 
Rumlow: Uh...mostly techs. One officer, Jasper Sitwell. 
 
Rumlow: They're in the galley. 
Steve Rogers: What's Sitwell doing on a launch ship? Alright, I'm gonna sweep the deck and find Batroc. Nat, you'll kill the engines and wait for instructions. Rumlow, you sweep aft, find the hostages, get them to the life-pods, get 'em out. Let's move. 
Rumlow: STRIKE, you heard the Cap. Gear up. 
 
Steve Rogers:  Secure channel seven. 
Natasha Romanoff: Seven secure. Did you do anything fun Saturday night? 
Steve Rogers: Well, all the guys from my barbershop quartet are dead, so... No, not really. 
Pilot:  Coming up by the drop zone, Cap. 
Natasha Romanoff: You know, if you ask Kristen out, from Statistics, she'd probably say yes. 
Steve Rogers: That's why I don't ask. 
Natasha Romanoff: Too shy or too scared? 
Steve Rogers: Too busy! 
 
STRIKE Agent: Was he wearing a parachute? 
 
Rumlow: No. No, he wasn't. 

 
French Pirate #1: Bouge pas! Bouge pas.  
 
Steve Rogers: Thanks. 
Rumlow: Yeah. You seemed pretty helpless without me. 
 
Natasha Romanoff: What about the nurse that lives across the hall from you? She seems kind of nice. 
Steve Rogers: Secure the engine room, then find me a date. 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm multitasking. 
 
French Pirate #1: J'ai dit à Batroc que si on veut que le SHIELD nous paye, commence à leur envoyer des corps maintenant !  . Une balle pour quelqu'un . You want a bullet in your head?! T'en veux une. Hein ! Bouge ton pied. Tu veux une balle dans la tête ?
Georges Batroc: J'aime pas attendre. Appelle Durand. Je veux que l'on s'arrache dès que la ranson arrive.  
French Pirate: Oui, Batroc  
 
French Pirate: Durand. Démarre le moteur. 
Durand: Okay. 
 
Natasha Romanoff: Hey, sailor. 
 
 
French Pirate: Ferme ta gueule !  
French Pirate #1: Bouge pas toi ! Mais qu'est ce qui se passe ! Tu veux jouer les héros, c'est ça ! T'as pas intérêt !  
 
French Pirate #1: Bon, j'ai trop attendu là.  
 
French Pirate #1: Hé, trouve Batroc, si j'ai pas de nouvelles dans deux minutes, je commence à les tuer.  
French Pirate #2: D'accord. Je vais le chercher !  
 
French Pirate #1: Deux minutes.  
 
 
French Pirate: Silence radio du SHIELD, Batroc.  
 
STRIKE Agent: Targets acquired. 
 
Rumlow: STRIKE in position. 
 
Steve Rogers: Natasha, what's your status? 
 
Steve Rogers: Status, Natasha? 
Natasha Romanoff: Hang on! 
 
Natasha Romanoff: Engine room secure. 
French Pirate #1: Le temps est écoulé. Qui veut mourrir en premier. Hé toi ! Prend la fille.  Time's up. Who wants to die first?  Hey, you! Take the girl.  
Steve Rogers: On my mark. Three. Two. One. 
 
Sitwell: I told you, SHIELD doesn't negotiate. 

 
French Pirate: Halo ? Je pense que la ligne est morte.J'ai perdu le contact.  
 
Rumlow: Hostages en route to extraction. Romanoff missed the rendezvous point, Cap. Hostiles are still in play. 
Steve Rogers: Natasha, Batroc's on the move. Circle back to Rumlow and protect the hostages. 
 
Steve Rogers: Natasha! 
 
Georges Batroc: Je croyais que tu étais plus qu'un bouclier.  
 
Steve Rogers: On va voir.  
 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, this is awkward. 
Steve Rogers: What are you doing? 
Natasha Romanoff: Backing up the hard drive. It's a good habit to get into. 
Steve Rogers: Rumlow needed your help. What the hell are you doing here? 
 
Steve Rogers: You're saving SHIELD Intel. 
Natasha Romanoff: Whatever I can get my hands on. 
Steve Rogers: Our mission is to rescue hostages. 
Natasha Romanoff: No. That's your mission. 
 
Natasha Romanoff: And you've done it beautifully. 
 
Steve Rogers: You just jeopardized this whole operation. 
Natasha Romanoff: I think that's overstating things. 
 
Natasha Romanoff: Okay. That one's on me. 
Steve Rogers: You're damn right. 
 

 
Steve Rogers: You just can't stop yourself from lying, can you? 
Nick Fury: I didn't lie. Agent Romanoff had a different mission than yours. 
Steve Rogers: Which you didn't feel obliged to share. 
Nick Fury: I'm not obliged to do anything. 
Steve Rogers: Those hostages could've died, Nick. 
Nick Fury: I sent the greatest soldier in history to make sure that didn't happen. 
Steve Rogers: Soldiers trust each other, that's what makes it an army. Not a bunch of guys running around and shooting guns. 
Nick Fury: The last time I trusted someone, I lost an eye. Look, I didn't want you doing anything you weren't comfortable with. Agent Romanoff is comfortable with everything. 
Steve Rogers: I can't lead a mission when the people I'm leading have missions of their owns. 
Nick Fury: It's called compartmentalization. Nobody spills the secrets because nobody knows them all. 
Steve Rogers: Except you. 
Nick Fury: You're wrong about me. I do share. I'm nice like that. 
 
Nick Fury: Insight bay. 
SHIELD Computer: Captain Rogers does not have clearance for Project Insight. 
Nick Fury: Director override, Fury, Nicholas J. 
SHIELD Computer: Confirmed. 
 
Steve Rogers: You know, they used to play music. 
Nick Fury: Yeah. My grandfather operated one of these things for forty years. My granddad worked in a nice building, he got good tips. He'd walk home every night, roll of ones stuffed in his lunch bag. He'd say "hi", people would say hi back. Time went on, neighborhood got rougher. He'd say "Hi", they'd say, "Keep on steppin'." Granddad got to grippin' that lunch bag a little tighter. 
Steve Rogers: Did he ever get mugged? 
Nick Fury: Every week some punk would say, "What's in the bag?" 
Steve Rogers: What did he do? 
Nick Fury: He'd show 'em. Bunch of crumpled ones and loaded .22 Magnum. 
 
Nick Fury: Granddad loved people. But he didn't trust them very much. 
 
Nick Fury: Yeah, I know. They're a little bit bigger than a .22. 
 
Nick Fury: This is Project Insight. Three next generation Helicarriers synced to a network of targeting satellites. 
Steve Rogers: Launched from the Lemurian Star. 
Nick Fury: Once we get them in the air they never need to come down. Continuous suborbital flight courtesy of our new repulsor engines. 
Steve Rogers: Stark? 
Nick Fury: Well, he had a few suggestions once he got an up close look at our old turbines. These new long range precision guns can eliminate a thousand hostiles a minute. The satellites can read a terrorist's DNA before he steps outside his spider hole. We gonna neutralize a lot of threats before they even happen. 
Steve Rogers: I thought the punishment usually came after the crime. 
Nick Fury: We can't afford to wait that long. 
Steve Rogers: Who's "we"? 
Nick Fury: After New York, I convinced the World Security Council we needed a quantum surge in threat analysis. For once we're way ahead of the curve. 
Steve Rogers: By holding a gun at everyone on Earth and calling it protection. 
Nick Fury: You know, I read those SSR files. Greatest generation? You guys did some nasty stuff. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, we compromised. Sometimes in ways that made us not sleep so well. But we did it so the people could be free. This isn't freedom, this is fear. 
Nick Fury: SHIELD takes the world as it is, not as we'd like it to be. It's getting damn near past time for you to get with that program, Cap. 
Steve Rogers: Don't hold your breath. 
 

 
The Smithsonian Narrator: A symbol to the nation. A hero to the world. The story of Captain America is one of honor, bravery and sacrifice. 
 
Woman on PA: Welcome to the Smithsonian. Visitor information booths are available on the second level. 
The Smithsonian Narrator: Denied enlistment due to poor health, Steven Rogers was chosen for a program unique in the annals of American warfare. One that would transform him into the world's first super soldier. 
 
Old Footage Recording: In this rare footage, everyone's favorite warrior, Captain America... 
 
The Smithsonian Narrator: Battle tested, Captain America and his Howling Commandos quickly earned their stripes. Their mission, taking down HYDRA, the Nazi rogue science division. 
 
The Smithsonian Narrator: Best friends since childhood, Bucky Barnes and Steven Rogers were inseparable on both schoolyard and battlefield. Barnes is the only Howling Commando to give his life in service of his country. 
 
Peggy Carter: That was a difficult winter. A blizzard had trapped half our battalion behind the German line. Steve...Captain Rogers, he fought his way through a HYDRA blockade that had pinned our allies down for months. He saved over a thousand men, including the man who would...who would become my husband as it turned out. Even after he died, Steve was still changing my life. 
 

 
Steve Rogers: You should be proud of yourself, Peggy. 
 
Peggy Carter: Mm. I have lived a life. My only regret is that you didn't get to live yours. 
 
Peggy Carter: What is it? 
Steve Rogers: For as long as I can remember I just wanted to do what was right. I guess I'm not quite sure what that is anymore. And I thought I could throw myself back in and follow orders, serve. It's just not the same. 
 
Peggy Carter: You're always so dramatic. Look, you saved the world. We rather...mucked it up. 
Steve Rogers: You didn't. Knowing that you helped found SHIELD is half the reason I stay. 
 
Peggy Carter: Hey. The world has changed and none of us can go back. All we can do is our best, and sometimes the best that we can do is to start over. 
 
Steve Rogers: Peggy. 
 
Peggy Carter: Steve? 
Steve Rogers: Yeah. 
Peggy Carter: You're alive! You...you came, you came back. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, Peggy. 
 
Peggy Carter: It's been so long. So long. 
Steve Rogers: Well, I couldn't leave my best girl. Not when she owes me a dance. 

 
Nick Fury: Secure office.  Open Lemurian Star's satellite launch file. 
SHIELD Computer: Access denied. 
Nick Fury: Run decryption. 
SHIELD Computer: Decryption failed. 
Nick Fury: Director override, Fury, Nicholas J. 
SHIELD Computer: Override denied. All files sealed. 
Nick Fury: On whose authority? 
SHIELD Computer: Fury, Nicholas J. 
 
Nick Fury: World Security Council. 
SHIELD Computer: Confirmed. 

 
Councilman Rockwell: If Nick Fury thinks he can get us costumed thugs and STRIKE commandos to mop-up his mess, he's sadly mistaken. This failure is unacceptable. 
Councilman Singh: Well, considering this attack took place one mile from my country's sovereign waters, it's a bit more then that. I move for immediate hearing. 
Councilwoman Hawley: We don't need hearings, we need action. It's this Council's duty to oversee SHIELD. 
Councilman Yen: A breach like this raises serious questions. 
Councilman Rockwell: Like how the hell did a French pirate manage to hijack a covert SHIELD vessel in broad daylight? 
Pierce: For the record, councilman, he's Algerian. I can draw a map if it'll help. 
Councilman Rockwell: I appreciate your wits, Secretary Pierce. But this Council take things like international piracy fairly seriously. 
Pierce: Really? I don't. I don't care about one boat, I care about the fleet. If this Council is going to fold a rancor every time someone pushes us on the playing field, maybe we need someone to oversee us. 
Councilman Yen: Mr. Secretary, nobody is suggesting... 
 
Pierce: Excuse me. 
Councilman Rockwell: More trouble, Mr. Secretary? 
Pierce: It depends on your definition. 
 
Pierce: I work forty floors away and it takes a hijacking for you to visit? 
Nick Fury: Well, a nuclear war would do it too. 
 
Nick Fury: Busy in there? 
Pierce: Nothing some earmarks can't fix. 
Nick Fury: I'm, uh...here to ask a favor. I want you to call for a vote. Project insight has to be delayed. 
Pierce: Nick, that's not a favor, that's a subcommittee hearing. A long one. 
Nick Fury: It could be nothing, probably is nothing. I just need time to make sure it's nothing. 
Pierce: What if it's something? 
Nick Fury: Then we'll both be damn glad those Helicarriers aren't in the air. 
 
Pierce: Fine. But you gotta get Iron Man to stop by my niece's birthday party. 
 
Nick Fury: Thank you, sir. 
Pierce: And not just a flyby, he's got to mingle. 
 

 
Female War Veteran: The thing is I think it's getting worse. A cop pulled me over last week, he thought I was drunk. I swerved to miss a plastic bag. I thought it was an IED. 
Sam Wilson: Some stuff you leave there, other stuff you bring back. It's our job to figure out how to carry it. Is it gonna be in a big suitcase or in a little man-purse? It's up to you. 
 
Female War Veteran: I'll see you next week. 
Sam Wilson: Yeah. 
Female War Veteran: Yeah.  
Sam Wilson: Look who it is. The running man. 
Steve Rogers: Caught the last few minutes. It's pretty intense. 
Sam Wilson: Yeah, brother, we all got the same problems. Guilt, regret. 
Steve Rogers: You lose someone? 
Sam Wilson: My wingman, Riley. Flying a night mission.Standard PJ rescue op, nothing we hadn't done a thousand times before, till RPG knock Riley's dumb ass out of the sky. Nothing I could do. It's like I was up there just to watch. 
Steve Rogers: I'm sorry. 
Sam Wilson: After that, I had really hard time finding a reason for being over there, you know? 
Steve Rogers: But you're happy now, back in the world? 
Sam Wilson: Hey, the number of people giving me orders is down to about zero. So, hell, yeah. You thinking about getting out? 
Steve Rogers: No. I don't know. To be honest, I don't know what I would do with myself if I did. 
Sam Wilson: Ultimate fighting?  It's just a great idea off the top of my head. But seriously, you could do whatever you want to do. What makes you happy? 
Steve Rogers: I don't know. 

 
Fury's Car: Activating communications encryption protocol. 
Nick Fury: Open secure line zero-four-zero-five. 
Fury's Car: Confirmed. 
Maria Hill: This is Hill. 
Nick Fury: I need you here in D.C. Deep shadow conditions. 
Maria Hill: Give me four hours. 
Nick Fury: You have three, over.  Want to see my lease?  
Fury's Car: Fracture detected. Recommend anesthetic injection.  D.C. Metro Police dispatch shows no units in this area.  
Nick Fury: Get me out of here!  
Fury's Car: Propulsion systems offline. 
Nick Fury: Then reboot, dammit!  
Fury's Car: Warning! Window integrity compromised. 
Nick Fury: You think? How long to propulsion? 
Fury's Car: Calculating.  Window Integrity thiry-one percent. Deploying countermeasures. 
Nick Fury: Hold that order!  
Fury's Car: Window Integrity nineteen percent. Offensive measures advised. 
Nick Fury: Wait!  
Fury's Car: Window Integrity one percent. 
Nick Fury: Now!  
Fury's Car: Propulsion systems now online. 
Nick Fury: Full acceleration, now!  Initiate vertical takeoff! 
Fury's Car: Flight systems damaged. 
Nick Fury: Then activate guidance cameras!  Give me the wheel!  Get me Agent Hill. 
Fury's Car: Communications array damaged. 
Nick Fury: Well, what's not damaged? 
Fury's Car: Air conditioning is fully operational.  Traffic ahead. 
Nick Fury: Give me an alternate route. 
Fury's Car: Traffic alert on Roosevelt Bridge. All vehicles stopped. 17th Avenue clear in three blocks, directly ahead.  Warning, approaching intersection.  
Nick Fury: Get me off the grid! 
Fury's Car: Calculating route to secure location.  

 
Sharon: That's so sweet. That is so nice. Hey. I gotta go, though. Okay, bye.  My aunt, she's kind of an insomniac.  Yeah. 
Steve Rogers: Hey, if you want...if you want, you're welcome to use my machine. Might be cheaper than the one in the basement. 
Sharon: Oh, yeah? What's it cost? 
Steve Rogers: A cup of coffee? 
Sharon: Thank you, but um...I already have a load in downstairs, and, uh...you really don't want my scrubs in your machine. I'm just finished orientation in the infectious diseases ward, so. 
Steve Rogers: Ah, well, I'll keep my distance. 
Sharon: Well hopefully not too far.  Oh, and I think you left your stereo on. 
Steve Rogers: Oh. Right, thank you. 
Sharon: Yeah.  

 
Steve Rogers: I don't remember giving you a key. 
Nick Fury: You really think I'd need one? My wife kicked me out. 
Steve Rogers: Didn't know you were married. 
Nick Fury: A lot of things you don't about me. 
Steve Rogers: I know, Nick. That's the problem.  
Nick Fury: I'm sorry to have to do this, but I had no place else to crash.  
Steve Rogers: Who else knows about your wife?  
Nick Fury: Just...my friends. 
Steve Rogers: Is that what we are? 
Nick Fury: That's up to you.  Don't...trust anyone.   
Sharon: Captain Rogers?  Captain, I'm Agent 13 of SHIELD Special Service. 
Steve Rogers: Kate? 
Sharon: I'm assigned to protect you. 
Steve Rogers: On whose order?  
Sharon: His.  Foxtrot is down, he's unresponsive. I need EMTs. 
SHIELD Agent: Do you have a twenty on the shooter?  
Steve Rogers: Tell him I'm in pursuit.  

 
Natasha Romanoff: Is he gonna make it? 
Steve Rogers: I don't know. 
Natasha Romanoff: Tell me about the shooter. 
Steve Rogers: He's fast and strong. Had a metal arm.  
Natasha Romanoff: Ballistics? 
Maria Hill: Three slugs, no rifling. Completely untraceable. 
Natasha Romanoff: Soviet-made. 
Maria Hill: Yeah.  
Male Nurse: He's in V-tach. 
Female Nurse: Crash cart coming in. 
Doctor: Nurse, help me with the drape. 
Male Nurse: BP is dropping. 
Doctor: Defibrillator!  I want you to charge him at one hundred. 
Natasha Romanoff: Don't do this to me, Nick. 
Doctor: Stand back! Three, two, one. Clear!  Pulse? 
Male Nurse: No pulse. 
Doctor #1: No pulse. 
Doctor: Okay. 200, please. Stand back! Three, two, one. Clear!  Give me epinephrine! Pulse? 
Male Nurse: Negative. 
Natasha Romanoff: Don't do this to me, Nick. Don't do this to me.  
Doctor: What's the time? 
Female Nurse: 1:03, Doctor. 
Doctor: Time of death, 1:03 a.m.  

 
Maria Hill: I need to take him.  
Steve Rogers: Natasha.  Natasha! 
Natasha Romanoff: Why was Fury in your apartment? 
Steve Rogers: I don't know.  
Rumlow: Cap, they want you back at SHIELD. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, give me a second. 
Rumlow: They want you now. 
Steve Rogers: Okay.  
Natasha Romanoff: You're a terrible liar.  
Sitwell:  STRIKE team, escort Captain Rogers back to SHIELD immediately for questioning. 
Rumlow: I told him.  
Steve Rogers: Let's go. 
Rumlow: Yeah.  STRIKE, move it out.  

 
Pierce: For whatever it's worth, you did your best. 
Sharon: Thank you, sir.  Captain Rogers.  
Steve Rogers: Neighbor. 
Pierce: Ah, Captain. I'm Alexander Pierce. 
Steve Rogers: Sir, it's an honor.  
Pierce: The honor is mine, Captain. My father served in the 101st. Come on in.  That photo was taken five years after Nick and I met. When I was at State Department in Bogota. ELN rebels took the embassy, and security got me out, but the rebels took hostages. Nick was deputy chief for the SHIELD station there. And he comes to me with a plan. He wants to storm the building through the sewers. I said, "No, we'll negotiate." Turned out the ELN didn't negotiate, so they put out a kill order. They stormed the basement, and what did they find? They find it empty. Nick had ignored my direct order and carried out an unauthorized military operation on foreign soil. He saved the lives of a dozen political officers, including my daughter. 
Steve Rogers: So you gave him a promotion. 
Pierce: I've never had any cause to regret it. Captain, why was Nick in your apartment last night? 
Steve Rogers: I don't know. 
Pierce: You know it was bugged? 
Steve Rogers: I did, because Nick told me. 
Pierce: Did he tell you he was the one who bugged it?  I want you to see something.  
SHIELD Agent: Who hired you, Batroc? 
Steve Rogers: Is that live? 
Pierce: Yeah, they picked him up last night in a not-so-safe house in Algiers. 
Steve Rogers: Are you saying he's a suspect? Assassination isn't Batroc's line. 
Pierce: No, it's more complicated than that. Batroc was hired anonymously to attack the Lemurian Star and he was contacted by e-mail and paid by wire transfer. And then the money was run through seventeen fictitious accounts, the last one going to a holding company that was registered to a Jacob Veech. 
Steve Rogers: Am I supposed to know who that is?  
Pierce: Not likely. Veech died six years ago. His last address was 14-35 Elmhurst Drive. When I first met Nick his mother lived at 14-37. 
Steve Rogers: Are you saying Fury hired the pirates? Why? 
Pierce: The prevailing theory was that the hijacking was a cover for the acquisition and sale of classified intelligence. The sale went sour and that led to Nick's death. 
Steve Rogers: If you really knew Nick Fury you'd know that's not true. 
Pierce: Why do you think we're talking? See, I took a seat on the Council not because I wanted to but because Nick asked me to, because we were both realists. We knew that despite all the diplomacy and the handshaking and the rhetoric, that to build a really better world sometimes means having to tear the old one down. And that makes enemies. Those people that call you dirty because you got the guts to stick your hands in the mud and try to build something better. And the idea that those people could be happy today, makes me really, really angry.  Captain, you were the last one to see Nick alive. I don't think that's an accident, and I don't think you do either. So I'm gonna ask again, why was he there? 
Steve Rogers: He told me not to trust anyone. 
Pierce: I wonder if that included him.  
Steve Rogers: I'm sorry. Those were his last words. Excuse me.  
Pierce: Captain.  Somebody murdered my friend and I'm gonna find out why. Anyone gets in my way, they're gonna regret it. Anyone. 
Steve Rogers: Understood.  

Steve Rogers:  Operations control. 
SHIELD Computer: Confirmed.  
Rumlow: Keep all STRIKE personnel on site. 
STRIKE Agent #1: Understood. 
STRIKE Agent #2: Yes, sir. 
Rumlow: Forensics. 
SHIELD Computer: Confirmed. 
Rumlow: Cap. 
Steve Rogers: Rumlow.  
Rumlow: Evidence Response found some fibres on the roof they want us to see. You want me to get the tac-team ready? 
Steve Rogers: No, lets wait and see what it is first. 
Rumlow: Right.   
SHIELD Agent #1: What's the status so far? 
SHIELD Agent #2: Administrations level. 
SHIELD Computer: Confirmed. 
SHIELD Agent #2:  Excuse me. 
Rumlow:  I'm sorry about what happened with Fury. Messed up, what happened to him. 
Steve Rogers: Thank you.  
STRIKE Agent #3: Records. 
SHIELD Computer: Confirmed.  
Steve Rogers: Before we get started, does anyone want to get out?   
Sitwell: Mobilize STRIKE units, 25th floor.  
Rumlow: Whoa, big guy. I just want you to know, Cap, this ain't personal.  
Steve Rogers: It kind of feels personal.  
25th Floor STRIKE Agent: Drop the shield! Put your hands in the air!  
STRIKE Agent: Give it up, Rogers! Get that door open! You have nowhere to go!  
Sitwell: Are you kidding me?  He's headed for the garage. Lock down the bridge!  
Quinjet Pilot: Stand down, Captain Rogers. Stand down.  Repeat, stand down.  

Sitwell:  Eyes here.  Whatever your op is, bury it. This is Level One. Contact DOT. All traffic lights in the district go red. Shut all runways at BWI, IAD and Reagan. All security cameras in the city go through this monitor, right here. Scan all open sources. Phones, computers, PDAs, whatever. If someone tweets about this guy, I want to know about it. 
Sharon: With all due respect, If SHIELD is conducting a manhunt for Captain America, we deserve to know why. 
Pierce: Because he lied to us.  Captain Rogers has information regarding the death of Director Fury, he refused to share it. As difficult as this is to accept, Captain America is a fugitive from SHIELD. 

 
Steve Rogers: Where is it? 
Natasha Romanoff: Safe. 
Steve Rogers: Do better! 
Natasha Romanoff: Where did you get it? 
Steve Rogers: Why would I tell you? 
Natasha Romanoff: Fury gave it to you. Why? 
Steve Rogers: What's on it? 
Natasha Romanoff: I don't know. 
Steve Rogers: Stop lying! 
Natasha Romanoff: I only act like I know everything, Rogers. 
Steve Rogers: I bet you knew Fury hired the pirates, didn't you? 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, it makes sense. The ship was dirty, Fury needed a way in, so do you. 
Steve Rogers: I'm not gonna ask you again. 
Natasha Romanoff: I know who killed Fury. Most of the intelligence community doesn't believe he exists, the ones who do call him the Winter Soldier. He's credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last fifty years. 
Steve Rogers: So he's a ghost story. 
Natasha Romanoff: Five years ago I was escorting a nuclear engineer out of Iran, somebody shot out my tires near Odessa. We lost control, went straight over a cliff, I pulled us out, but the Winter Soldier was there. I was covering my engineer, so he shot him straight through me.  Soviet slug, no rifling. Bye-bye bikinis. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, I bet you look terrible in them now.  
Natasha Romanoff: Going after him is a dead end. I know, I've tried.  Like you said, he's a ghost story.  
Steve Rogers: Well, let's find out what the ghost wants. 

 
Pierce: Nick Fury was murdered in cold blood. To any reasonable person, that would make him a martyr, not a traitor. 
Councilman Rockwell: You know what makes him a traitor? Hiring a mercenary to hijack his own ship. 
Councilman Singh: Nick Fury used your friendship to coerce this council into delaying Project Insight. A project he knew would expose his own illegal operations. At best, he lied to you. At worst... 
Pierce: Are you calling for my resignation? I've got a pen and paper right here. 
Councilwoman Hawley: That discussion can be tabled for a later time. 
Pierce: But you do want to have a discussion. 
Councilman Rockwell: We've already had it, Mr. Secretary. This council moves to immediately reactivate Project Insight. If you want to say something snappy, now would be a good time. 

 
Natasha Romanoff: First rule of going on the run is, don't run, walk. 
Steve Rogers: If I run in these shoes, they're gonna fall off.  
Natasha Romanoff: The drive has a Level Six homing program, so as soon as we boot up SHIELD will know exactly where we are. 
Steve Rogers: How much time do we have? 
Natasha Romanoff: Uh...about nine minutes from...  Now.  Fury was right about that ship, somebody's trying to hide something. This drive is protected by some sort of AI, it keeps rewriting itself to counter my commands. 
Steve Rogers: Can you override it? 
Natasha Romanoff: The person who developed this is slightly smarter than me. Slightly.   I'm gonna try running a tracer. This is a program that SHIELD developed to track hostile malware, so if we can't read the file, maybe we can find out where it came from. 
Apple Employee: Can I help you guys with anything? 
Natasha Romanoff: Oh, no. My fiancé was just helping me with some honeymoon destinations. 
Steve Rogers: Right! We're getting married. 
Apple Employee: Congratulations. Where do you guys thinking about going?  
Steve Rogers: New Jersey. 
Apple Employee: Oh.  I have the exact same glasses. 
Natasha Romanoff: Wow, you two are practically twins. 
Apple Employee: Yeah, I wish. Specimen. Uh...if you guys need anything, I've been Aaron. 
Steve Rogers: Thank you.  You said nine minutes, come on. 
Natasha Romanoff: Shh, relax. Got it.  You know it? 
Steve Rogers: I used to. Let's go.  Standard tac-team. Two behind, to across, two coming straight at us. If they make us, I'll engage, you hit the south escalator to the metro.  
Natasha Romanoff: Shut up and put your arm around me, laugh at something I said. 
Steve Rogers: What? 
Natasha Romanoff: Do it!   
Jack Rollins: Negative at the source. 
Rumlow: Give me a floor rundown. 
SHIELD Agent #2: Negative on three. 
SHIELD Agent #3: Negative on two. 
Rumlow: Snake the upper levels, work down to me.  
Natasha Romanoff: Kiss me. 
Steve Rogers: What? 
Natasha Romanoff: Public displays of affection make people very uncomfortable. 
Steve Rogers: Yes, they do.  
Natasha Romanoff: You still uncomfortable? 
Steve Rogers: It's not exactly the word I would use. 

 
Natasha Romanoff: Where did Captain America learn how to steal a car? 
Steve Rogers: Nazi Germany. 
Natasha Romanoff: Mm. 
Steve Rogers: And we're borrowing. Take your feet off the dash.  
Natasha Romanoff: Alright, I have a question for you, oh, which you do not have to answer. I feel like if you don't answer it though, you're kind of answering it, you know? 
Steve Rogers: What? 
Natasha Romanoff: Was that your first kiss since 1945? 
Steve Rogers: That bad, huh? 
Natasha Romanoff: I didn't say that. 
Steve Rogers: Well, it kind of sounds like that's what you're saying. 
Natasha Romanoff: No, I didn't. I just wondered how much practice you've had. 
Steve Rogers: You don't need practice. 
Natasha Romanoff: Everybody needs practice. 
Steve Rogers: It was not my first kiss since 1945. I'm ninety-five, I'm not dead. 
Natasha Romanoff: Nobody special, though?  
Steve Rogers: Believe it or not, it's kind of hard to find someone with shared life experience. 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, that's alright, you just make something up. 
Steve Rogers: What, like you? 
Natasha Romanoff: I don't know. The truth is a matter of circumstances, it's not all things to all people all the time. And neither am I. 
Steve Rogers: That's a tough way to live. 
Natasha Romanoff: It's a good way not to die, though. 
Steve Rogers: You know, it's kind of hard to trust someone when you don't know who that someone really is. 
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah. Who do you want me to be? 
Steve Rogers: How about a friend?  
Natasha Romanoff: Well, there's a chance you might be in the wrong business, Rogers. 

 
Steve Rogers: This is it. 
Natasha Romanoff: The file came from these coordinates. 
Steve Rogers: So did I.  This camp is where I was trained. 
Natasha Romanoff: Changed much? 
Steve Rogers: A little.  
Sergeant Duffy: Pick up the pace, ladies! Let's go! Let's go! Double time! Come on Rogers, move it!  Come on! Fall in! Rogers! I said fall in!  
Natasha Romanoff: This is a dead end. Zero heat signature, zero waves, not even radio. Whoever wrote the file must have used a router to throw people off.  What is it?  
Steve Rogers: Army regulations forbid storing ammunition within five hundred yards of the barracks. This building is in the wrong place.  
Natasha Romanoff: This is SHIELD. 
Steve Rogers: Maybe where it started.  
Natasha Romanoff: There's Stark's father. 
Steve Rogers: Howard. 
Natasha Romanoff: Who's the girl?  
Steve Rogers: If you're already working in a secret office...  Why do you need to hide the elevator?  
Natasha Romanoff: This can't be the data-point, this technology is ancient.  
Computer: Initiate system?  
Natasha Romanoff: Y-E-S, spells yes.  "Shall we play a game?"  It's from a movie that... 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, I saw it.  
Zola: Rogers, Steven. Born, 1918. Romanoff, Natalia Alianovna. Born, 1984.  
Natasha Romanoff: It's some kind of a recording. 
Zola: I am not a recording, Fräulein. I may not be the man I was when the Captain took me prisoner in 1945, but I am.  
Natasha Romanoff: Do you know this thing? 
Steve Rogers: Arnim Zola was a German scientist who worked for the Red Skull. He's been dead for years. 
Zola: First correction, I am Swiss. Second, look around you. I have never been more alive. In 1972 I received a terminal diagnosis. Science could not save my body, my mind, however, that was worth saving on two hundred thousand feet of data banks. You are standing in my brain. 
Steve Rogers: How did you get here? 
Zola: Invited. 
Natasha Romanoff: It was Operation Paperclip after World War II. SHIELD recruited German scientists with strategic value. 
Zola: They thought I could help their cause. I also helped my own. 
Steve Rogers: HYDRA died with the Red Skull. 
Zola: Cut off one head, two more shall take its place. 
Steve Rogers: Prove it. 
Zola: Accessing archive.  HYDRA was founded on the belief that humanity could not be trusted with its own freedom. What we did not realize, was that if you try to take that freedom, they resist. The war taught us much. Humanity needed to surrender its freedom willingly. After the war, SHIELD was founded and I was recruited. The new HYDRA grew. A beautiful parasite inside SHIELD. For seventy years HYDRA has been secretly feeding crisis, reaping war. And when history did not cooperate, history was changed. 
Natasha Romanoff: That's impossible, SHIELD would have stopped you. 
Zola: Accidents will happen.  HYDRA created a world so chaotic that humanity is finally ready to sacrifice its freedom to gain its security. Once the purification process is complete, HYDRA's new world order will arise. We won, Captain. Your death amounts to the same as your Life; a zero sum.  As I was saying... 
Steve Rogers: What's on this drive? 
Zola: Project Insight requires insight. So I wrote an algorithm. 
Natasha Romanoff: What kind of algorithm? What does it do? 
Zola: The answer to your question is fascinating. Unfortunately, you shall be too dead to hear it.  
Natasha Romanoff: Steve, we got a bogey. Short range ballistic. 30 seconds tops. 
Steve Rogers: Who fired it? 
Natasha Romanoff: S.H.I.E.L.D. 
Zola: I am afraid I have been stalling, Captain. Admit it, it's better this way. We're both of us...out of time.  
Rumlow:  Call in the asset. 

 
Renata: I'm going to go, Mr. Pierce. You need anything before I leave? 
Pierce: No. Uh...it's fine, Renata, you can go home. 
Renata: Okay, night-night. 
Pierce: Good night.  Want some milk?  The timetable has moved. Our window is limited. Two targets, Level Six.  They already cost me Zola. I want confirmed death in ten hours. 
Renata: Sorry, Mr. Pierce, I...I forgot my phone.  
Pierce: Oh, Renata. I wish you would have knocked.  

 
Sam Wilson: Hey, man. 
Steve Rogers: I'm sorry about this. We need a place to lay low. 
Natasha Romanoff: Everyone we know is trying to kill us.  
Sam Wilson: Not everyone.  
Steve Rogers: You okay? 
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah. 
Steve Rogers: What's going on? 
Natasha Romanoff: When I first joined SHIELD, I thought I was going straight. But I guess I just traded in the KGB for HYDRA. I thought I knew whose lies I was telling, but...I guess I can't tell the difference anymore. 
Steve Rogers: There's a chance you might be in the wrong business.  
Natasha Romanoff: I owe you. 
Steve Rogers: It's okay. 
Natasha Romanoff: If it was the other way around, and it was down to me to save your life, and you be honest with me, would you trust me to do it? 
Steve Rogers: I would now. And I'm always honest. 
Natasha Romanoff: Well, you seem pretty chipper for someone who just found out they died for nothing. 
Steve Rogers: Well, I guess I just like to know who I'm fighting. 
Sam Wilson:  I made breakfast. If you guys...eat that sort of thing.  
Natasha Romanoff: So, the question is: who in SHIELD could launch a domestic missile strike? 
Steve Rogers: Pierce. 
Natasha Romanoff: Who happens to be sitting on top of the most secure building in the world. 
Steve Rogers: But he's not working alone, Zola's algorithm was on the Lemurian Star. 
Natasha Romanoff: So was Jasper Sitwell. 
Steve Rogers: So, the real question is: how do the two most wanted people in Washington kidnap a SHIELD officer in broad daylight? 
Sam Wilson: The answer is: you don't.  
Steve Rogers: What's this? 
Sam Wilson: Call it a resume.  
Natasha Romanoff: Is this Bakhmala? The Khalid Khandil mission, that was you.  You didn't say he was a para-rescue.  
Steve Rogers: Is this Riley? 
Sam Wilson: Yeah. 
Natasha Romanoff: I heard they couldn't bring in the choppers because of the RPGs. What did you use, a stealth chute? 
Sam Wilson: No. These.  
Steve Rogers: I thought you said you were a pilot. 
Sam Wilson: I never said pilot. 
Steve Rogers: I can't ask you to do this, Sam. You got out for a good reason. 
Sam Wilson: Dude, Captain America needs my help. There's no better reason to get back in. 
Steve Rogers: Where can we get our hands on one of these things? 
Sam Wilson: The last one is at Fort Meade, behind three guarded gates and a twelve-inch steel wall.  
Steve Rogers: Shouldn't be a problem.  

 
Stern: Listen, I gotta fly home tonight, cause uh...I got some constituency problem, and I gotta press the flesh. 
Sitwell: Any constituent in particular, Mr. Senator? 
Stern: Uh...no, not really. Twenty-three, kind of hot. Real hot. You know, wants to be a reporter, I think. I don't know, who listens at that point? 
Sitwell: Doesn't sound much of a problem to me. 
Stern: Really? Cause she's killing my back. Look, this isn't the place to talk about it.  This is a nice pin. 
Sitwell: Thank you. 
Stern: Come here.  Hail, HYDRA.  See, it's right there... 
Sitwell: I just saw that, yeah. 
Stern: Should I get it checked? 
Sitwell: I think you should.   I need a minute. Bring the car around.  Yes, sir? 
Sam Wilson: Agent Sitwell, how was lunch? I hear the crab cakes here are delicious. 
Sitwell: Who is this? 
Sam Wilson: The good looking guy in the sunglasses, your ten o'clock.  Your other ten o'clock.  There you go. 
Sitwell: What do you want? 
Sam Wilson: You're gonna go around the corner, to your right. There's a grey car, two spaces down. You and I are gonna take a ride. 
Sitwell: And why would I do that? 
Sam Wilson: Because that tie looks really expensive, and I'd hate to mess it up.   
Steve Rogers: Tell me about Zola's algorithm. 
Sitwell: Never heard of it. 
Steve Rogers: What were you doing on the Lemurian Star? 
Sitwell: I was throwing up, I get seasick.  Is this little display meant to insinuate that you're gonna throw me off the roof? Because it's really not your style, Rogers. 
Steve Rogers: You're right. It's not. It's hers.  
Natasha Romanoff: Oh, wait. What about that girl from accounting, Laura...? 
Steve Rogers: Lillian. Lip piercing, right? 
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah, she's cute. 
Steve Rogers: Yeah, I'm not ready for that.   
Sitwell: Zola's algorithm is a program...for choosing Insight's targets! 
Steve Rogers: What targets? 
Sitwell: You! A TV anchor in Cairo, the Undersecretary of Defense, a high school valedictorian in Iowa city. Bruce Banner, Stephen Strange, anyone who's a threat to HYDRA! Now, or in the future. 
Steve Rogers: The Future? How could it know?  
Sitwell: How could it not? The 21st century is a digital book. Zola taught HYDRA how to read it.  Your bank records, medical histories, voting patterns, e-mails, phone calls, your damn SAT scores. Zola's algorithm evaluates people's past to predict their future. 
Steve Rogers: And what then? 
Sitwell: Oh, my God. Pierce is gonna kill me. 
Steve Rogers: What then?! 
Sitwell: Then the Insight Helicarriers scratch people off the list. A few million at a time. 

Sitwell:  HYDRA doesn't like leaks. 
Sam Wilson: So why don't you try sticking a cork in it. 
Natasha Romanoff: Insight's launching in sixteen hours, we're cutting it a little bit close here. 
Steve Rogers: I know. We'll use him to bypass the DNA scans and access the Helicarriers directly. 
Sitwell: What?! Are you crazy? That is a terrible, terrible idea.  
Sam Wilson: Shit!  
Steve Rogers: Hang on!   
Winter Soldier: Она у меня. Найди его.  Find him.)  
Sam Wilson: Go, I got this!  
Natasha Romanoff: I make an LZ, twenty-three hundred block of Virginia Avenue. Rendezvous two minutes. Taking fire above and below expressway. Civilians threatened. Repeat, civilians threatened.  I make an LZ, twenty-three hundred block at Virginia Avenue. Rendezvous two minutes.  
Natasha Romanoff:  Get out of the way! Stay out of the way!  
Steve Rogers: Bucky? 
Bucky Barnes: Who the hell is Bucky?  
Rumlow: Drop the shield, Cap! On your knees! Get on your knees! Now! Get down! Get down!  Get on your knees! Down!  Don't move.  Put the gun down. Not here. Not here! Steve Rogers: It was him. He looked right at me like he didn't even know me. 
Sam Wilson: How's that even possible? It was like seventy years ago. 
Steve Rogers: Zola. Bucky's whole unit was captured in '43, Zola experimented on him. Whatever he did helped Bucky survive the fall. They must have found him and... 
Natasha Romanoff: None of that's your fault, Steve. 
Steve Rogers: Even when I had nothing, I had Bucky.  
Sam Wilson: We need to get a doctor here. We don't put pressure on that wound she's gonna bleed out here in the truck.  
Maria Hill: Ah. That thing was squeezing my brain.  Who's this guy?  
Rumlow: Three holes. Start digging.  

 
Maria Hill: GSW. She's lost at least a pint. 
Sam Wilson: Maybe two. 
Doctor: Let me take her. 
Maria Hill: She'll want to see him first.  
Nick Fury: About damn time.  Lacerated spinal column, cracked sternum, shattered collarbone, perforated liver, one hell of a headache. 
Doctor: Don't forget your collapsed lung. 
Nick Fury: Oh, let's not forget that. Otherwise, I'm good. 
Natasha Romanoff: They cut you open, your heart stopped. 
Nick Fury: Tetrodotoxin B. Slows the pulse to one beat a minute. Banner developed it for stress. Didn't work so great for him, but we found a use for it. 
Steve Rogers: Why all the secrecy? Why not just tell us? 
Maria Hill: Any attempt on the director's life had to look successful. 
Nick Fury: Can't kill you if you're already dead. Besides, I wasn't sure who to trust. 

 
Zola: Sergeant Barnes...  
Steve Rogers: Bucky, no!  
Zola: The procedure has already started.  You are to be the new fist of HYDRA.  Put him on ice.  
Scientist #1: Sir, he's...he's unstable. Erratic.  
Pierce: Mission report.  Mission report, now.  
Bucky Barnes: The man on the bridge...  Who was he? 
Pierce: You met him earlier this week on another assignment. 
Bucky Barnes: I knew him.  
Pierce: Your work has been a gift to mankind. You shaped the century, and I need you to do it one more time. Society is at a tipping point between order and chaos. Tomorrow morning we're gonna give it a push. But, if you don't do your part, I can't do mine, and HYDRA can't give the world the freedom it deserves. 
Bucky Barnes: But I knew him.  
Pierce: Prep him. 
Scientist #1: He's been out of cryo-freeze too long. 
Pierce: Then wipe him and start over.  

 
Nick Fury:  This man declined the Nobel Peace Prize. He said, "Peace wasn't an achievement, it was a responsibility." See, it's stuff like this that gives me trust issues. 
Natasha Romanoff: We have to stop the launch. 
Nick Fury: I don't think the Council's accepting my calls anymore.  
Sam Wilson: What's that? 
Maria Hill: Once the Helicarriers reach three thousand feet, they'll triangulate with Insight satellites becoming fully weaponized. 
Nick Fury: We need to breach those carriers and replace their targeting blades with our own. 
Maria Hill: One or two won't cut it. We need to link all three carriers for this to work, because if even one of those ships remains operational a whole lot of people are gonna die. 
Nick Fury: We have to assume everyone aboard those carriers is HYDRA. We need to get pass them, insert the server blades, and maybe, just maybe, we can salvage what's left... 
Steve Rogers: We're not salvaging anything. We're not just taking down the carriers, Nick, we're taking down SHIELD. 
Nick Fury: SHIELD had nothing to do with it. 
Steve Rogers: You gave me this mission, this is how it ends. SHIELD's been compromised, you said so yourself. HYDRA grew right under your nose and nobody noticed. 
Nick Fury: Why do you think we're meeting in this cave? I noticed. 
Steve Rogers: And how many paid the price before you did? 
Nick Fury: Look, I didn't know about Barnes. 
Steve Rogers: Even if you have, would you have told me? Or would you have compartmentalized that too? SHIELD, HYDRA, it all goes. 
Maria Hill: He's right.  
Sam Wilson: Don't look at me. I do what he does, just slower. 
Nick Fury: Well... Looks like you're giving the orders now, Captain. 

 
Bucky Barnes: We looked for you after. My folks wanted to give you a ride to the cemetery.  
Steve Rogers: I know, I'm sorry. I just...kind of wanted to be alone. 
Bucky Barnes: How was it? 
Steve Rogers: It was okay. She's next to Dad. 
Bucky Barnes: I was gonna ask... 
Steve Rogers: I know what you're gonna say, Buck, I just... 
Bucky Barnes: We can put the couch cushions on the floor like when we were kids. It'll be fun. All you gotta do is shine my shoes, maybe take out the trash.  Come on. 
Steve Rogers: Thank you, Buck, but I can get by on my own. 
Bucky Barnes: The thing is, you don't have to.  I'm with you to the end of the line, pal. 

 
Sam Wilson: He's gonna be there, you know? 
Steve Rogers: I know. 
Sam Wilson: Look, whoever he used to be, the guy he is now, I don't think he's the kind you save. He's the kind you stop. 
Steve Rogers: I don't know if I can do that. 
Sam Wilson: Well, he might not give you a choice. He doesn't know you. 
Steve Rogers: He will. Gear up, it's time.  
Sam Wilson: You gonna wear that? 
Steve Rogers: No. If you're gonna fight a war, you gotta wear a uniform.  
Smithsonian Guard: Oh, man. I am so fired! 

 
Man on PA: We are in final launch sequence. 
SHIELD Tech: We are go on guidance. 
Woman on PA: All personnel to launch station. 
 
Pierce: And how was your flight? 
Councilman Hawley: Lovely. The ride from the airport less so. 
Pierce: Sadly, SHIELD can't control everything. 
Councilman Rockwell: Including Captain America.  
Pierce: This facility is biometrically controlled, and these will give you unrestricted access.  
 
Com Tech #1: I've been parking there for two months. 
Com Tech #2: But it's his spot. 
Com Tech #1: So where's he been? 
Com Tech #2: I think Afghanistan. 
Com Tech #1:  Negative, DT-6. The pattern is full.  Well, he could have said something.  Ow! 
Com Tech #2: Must be the dish. 
Com Tech #1: I'll check it out. 
Man on PA: Triskelion command request we clear the area for launch. 
 
Steve Rogers: Excuse us.  
Pierce:  I know the road hasn't exactly been smooth, and some of you would have gladly kicked me out of the car along the way. Finally we're here, and the world should be grateful.  
Steve Rogers: Attention, all SHIELD agents. This is Steve Rogers. You've heard a lot about me over the last few days, some of you were even ordered to hunt me down. But I think it's time you know the truth. SHIELD is not what we thought it was, it's been taken over by HYDRA. Alexander Pierce is their leader. The STRIKE and Insight crew are HYDRA as well. I don't know how many more, but I know they're in the building. They could be standing right next to you. They almost have what they want: absolute control. They shot Nick Fury and it won't end there. If you launch those Helicarriers today, HYDRA will be able to kill anyone that stands in their way, unless we stop them. I know I'm asking a lot, but the price of freedom is high, it always has been, and it's a price I'm willing to pay. And if I'm the only one, then so be it. But I'm willing to bet I'm not.  
Sam Wilson: Did you write that down first, or was it off the top of your head?  
Councilman Rockwell: You smug son of a bitch. 
Councilman Singh:  Arrest him.  
Pierce: I guess I've got the floor. 
 
Rumlow: Preempt the launch sequence. Send those ships up now.  Is there a problem? 
SHIELD Tech: I'm...  
Rumlow: Is there a problem? 
SHIELD Tech: I'm sorry, sir.  I'm not gonna launch those ships. Captain's orders.  
Rumlow: Move away from your station.  
Sharon: Like he said!  Captain's orders. 
Rumlow: You picked the wrong side, Agent. 
Sharon: Depends on where you're standing.  
 
SHIELD Agent: Close the bay door! Close the bay door now! Close the bay door!  
Maria Hill: They're initiating launch. 

 
Sam Wilson: Hey, Cap, how do we know the good guys from the bad guys? 
Steve Rogers: If they're shooting at you, they're bad.  
Sam Wilson: Hey, Cap, I found those bad guys you were talking about. 
Steve Rogers: You okay? 
Sam Wilson:  I'm not dead yet. 
 
Pierce: Let me ask you a question. What if Pakistan marched into Mumbai tomorrow, and you knew that they were gonna drag your daughters into a soccer stadium for execution?  And you could just stop it with a flick of the switch. Wouldn't you? Wouldn't you all? 
Councilman Singh: Not if it was your switch.  
Natasha Romanoff: I'm sorry. Did I step on your moment? 
Charlie Weapons Tech:  Satellites in range at three thousand feet. 
Maria Hill: Falcon, status? 
Sam Wilson: Engaging.  Alright, Cap, I'm in.  Shit!  
Maria Hill: Eight minutes, Cap. 
Steve Rogers: Working on it. 
Councilman Rockwell:  What are you doing? 
Pierce: She's disabling security protocols and dumping all the secrets onto the Internet. 
Natasha Romanoff: Including HYDRA's. 
Pierce: And SHIELD's. If you do this, non of your past is gonna remain hidden.  Are you sure you're ready for the world to see you as you really are? 
Natasha Romanoff: Are you? 
 
Steve Rogers: Alpha locked. 
Maria Hill: Falcon, where are you now? 
Sam Wilson: I had to take a detour!  Oh, yeah!  I'm in. Bravo locked.  
Maria Hill: Two down, one to go. 

SHIELD Pilot: All SHIELD pilots, scramble. We're the only air support Captain Rogers has got.  
Pierce: Disabling the encryption is an executive order, it takes two Alpha Level members. 
Natasha Romanoff: Don't worry, company's coming.  
Pierce: Did you get my flowers?  I'm glad you're here, Nick. 
Nick Fury: Really? Cause I thought you had me killed. 
Pierce: You know how the game works. 
Nick Fury: So why make me head of SHIELD? 
Pierce: Cause you were the best and the most ruthless person I ever met. 
Nick Fury: I did what I did to protect people. 
Pierce: Our enemies are your enemies, Nick. Disorder, war. It's just a matter of time before a dirty bomb goes off in Moscow, or an EMP fries Chicago. Diplomacy? Holding action, a band-aid. And you know where I learned that; Bogota. You didn't ask, you just did what had to be done. I can bring order to the lives of seven billion people by sacrificing twenty million. It's the next step, Nick, if you have the courage to take it. 
Nick Fury: No, I have the courage not to.  
SHIELD Computer: Retinal scanner active. 
Pierce: You don't you think we wiped your clearance from the system? 
Nick Fury: I know you erased my password, probably deleted my retinal scan, but if you want to stay ahead of me, Mr. Secretary...  You need to keep both eyes open.  
SHIELD Computer: Alpha Level confirmed. Encryption code accepted. Safeguards removed. 
 
Maria Hill: Charlie Carrier's forty-five degrees off the port bow.  Six minutes.  
Steve Rogers: Hey, Sam, I'm gonna need a ride. 
Sam Wilson: Roger! Let me know when you're ready.  
Steve Rogers: I just did!   
Sam Wilson: You know, you're a lot heavier than you look. 
Steve Rogers: I had a big breakfast.  
Sam Wilson: Steve!  Cap? Cap, come in. Are you okay?  
Steve Rogers: Yeah, I'm here! I'm still on the Helicarrier.  Where are you? 
Sam Wilson: I'm grounded, the suit's down. Sorry, Cap. 
Steve Rogers: Don't worry, I got it.   
SHIELD Agent: All SHIELD agents regroup at Rally Point Delta.  
HYDRA Dispatch:  Sir, Council's been breached. 
Rumlow: Repeat, dispatch. 
HYDRA Dispatch: Black Widow's up there. 
Rumlow: Headed up!  
Maria Hill: Falcon? 
Sam Wilson: Yeah? 
Maria Hill: Rumlow's headed for the Council. 
Sam Wilson: I'm on it. 

 
Steve Rogers: People are gonna die, Buck. I can't let that happen.  Please, don't make me do this.  
Natasha Romanoff: Done.  And it's trending.  
Pierce: Unless you want two inch hole in your sternum, I'd put that gun down.  That was armed the moment you pinned it on.  
 
Steve Rogers: Drop it! Drop it!  
 
Rumlow: I'm on forty-one, headed towards the south-west stairwell.  This is gonna hurt. There are no prisoners with HYDRA, just order. And order only comes through pain. You ready for yours? 
Sam Wilson: Man, shut the hell up.  
Pierce: Lieutenant, how much longer? 
Charlie XO:  Sixty-five seconds to satellite link. Targeting grid engaged. Lowering weapons array now. 
Maria Hill:  One minute.  Thirty seconds, Cap! 
Steve Rogers: Stand by.  Charlie...  
 
Charlie Weapons Tech: We've reached three thousand feet. Sat link coming online now. 
Charlie XO: Deploy algorithm. 
Charlie Weapons Tech: Algorithm deployed. 
Pierce:  We are go to targets.  
Charlie Weapons Tech: Target saturation reached. All targets assigned. 
Charlie XO: Fire when ready. 
Charlie Weapons Tech: Firing in, three, two, one.  
Steve Rogers: Charlie locked.  
Charlie XO: Where are the targets? Where are the targets? 
Maria Hill: Okay, Cap, get out of there.  
Steve Rogers: Fire now. 
Maria Hill: But, Steve... 
Steve Rogers: Do it! Do it now!  
Pierce: What a waste. 
Natasha Romanoff: Are you still on the fence about Rogers' chances? 
Pierce: Time to go, Councilwoman. This way, come on. You're gonna fly me out of here.  
Nick Fury: You know, there was a time I would have taken a bullet for you. 
Pierce: You already did. You will again when it's useful.  
Nick Fury: Romanoff! Natasha! Natasha, come on!  
Natasha Romanoff: Ow. Those really do sting. 
Pierce:  Hail HYDRA.   
Rumlow: You're out of your depth, kid.  
Sam Wilson:  Please, tell me you got that chopper in the air! 
Natasha Romanoff: Sam, where are you? 
Sam Wilson: 41st floor, north-west corner! 
Natasha Romanoff: We're on it, stay where you are.  Not an option!  
Sam Wilson: 41st floor! 41st! 
Nick Fury: It's not like they put the floor numbers on the outside of the building! 
Natasha Romanoff: Hill, where's Steve? You got a location on Rogers? 
 
Steve Rogers: You know me.  
Bucky Barnes: No, I don't! 
Steve Rogers: Bucky, you've known me your whole life.  Your name is James Buchanan Barnes.  
Bucky Barnes: Shut up!  
Steve Rogers: I'm not gonna fight you. You're my friend.  
Bucky Barnes: You're my mission.  You're my mission! 
Steve Rogers: Then finish it.  Cause I'm with you to the end of the line.  

 
Steve Rogers: On your left.  
 
Bailiff: Do you solemnly swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth? 
Natasha Romanoff: I do. 
Committee General: Why haven't we yet heard from Captain Rogers? 
Natasha Romanoff: I don't know what there is left left for him to say. I think the wreck in the middle of the Potomac made his point fairly eloquently. 
Committee General: Well, he could explain how this country's expected to maintain its national security now that he and you have laid waste to our intelligence apparatus. 
Natasha Romanoff: HYDRA was selling you lies, not intelligence. 
Committee General: Many of which you seem to have had a personal hand in telling. 
Scudder: Agent, you should know that there are some on this committee who feel, given your service record, both for this country and against it, that you belong in a penitentiary, not mouthing off on Capitol Hill. 
Natasha Romanoff: You're not gonna put me in a prison. You're not gonna put any of us in a prison. You know why? 
Scudder: Do enlighten us. 
Natasha Romanoff: Because you need us. Yes, the world is a vulnerable place, and yes, we helped make it that way. But we're also the ones best qualified to defend it. So if you want to arrest me, arrest me. You'll know where to find me.  

Nick Fury:  So, you've experienced this sort of thing before? 
Steve Rogers: You get used to it.  
Nick Fury: We've been data-mining HYDRA's files. Looks like a lot of rats didn't go down with the ship. I'm headed to Europe tonight, wanted to ask if you'd come. 
Steve Rogers: There's something I gotta do first. 
Nick Fury: How about you, Wilson? Could use a man with your abilities. 
Sam Wilson: I'm more of a soldier than a spy. 
Nick Fury: Alright then.  Anybody asks for me, tell them they can find me right here.  
Natasha Romanoff: You should be honored, that's about as close as he gets to saying thank you. 
Steve Rogers: Not going with him? 
Natasha Romanoff: No. 
Steve Rogers: Not staying here? 
Natasha Romanoff: I blew all my covers, I gotta go figure out a new one. 
Steve Rogers: That might take a while. 
Natasha Romanoff: I'm counting on it. That thing you asked for, I called in a few favors from Kiev.  Will you do me a favor? Call that nurse. 
Steve Rogers: She's not a nurse. 
Natasha Romanoff: And you're not a SHIELD agent. 
Steve Rogers: What was her name again? 
Natasha Romanoff: Sharon. She's nice.  Be careful, Steve. You might not want to pull on that thread.  
Sam Wilson: You're going after him? 
Steve Rogers: You don't have to come with me. 
Sam Wilson: I know. When do we start? 
