Odin:  Long before the birth of light there was darkness, and from that darkness, came the Dark Elves. Millennia ago, the most ruthless of their kind, Malekith, sought to transform our universe back into one of eternal night. 
 
Odin: Such evil was possible through the power of the Aether, an ancient force of infinite destruction. 
 
Odin: The noble armies of Asgard, led by my father, King Bor, waged a mighty war against these creatures. 
 
 
Kurse:  Malekith! Asgard's forces are upon us. 
 
Malekith: Send the Kursed. 
 
 
Odin: As the Nine Worlds converged above him, Malekith could at last unleash the Aether... 
 
 
 
Odin: But Asgard ripped the weapon from his grasp. Without it, the Dark Elves fell. With the battle all but lost, Malekith sacrificed his own people in a desperate attempt to lay waste to Asgard's army. 
 
Malekith:  Their deaths will mean our survival. This war is far from over. 
 
 
Odin: Malekith was vanquished, and the Aether was no more. Or so we were led to believe. 
Asgardian Einherjar: Sire, the Aether. Shall we destroy it? 
Bor: If only we could. But its power is too great. Bury it deep. Somewhere no one will ever find it. 

 
Frigga: Loki. 
Loki: Hello, mother. Have I made you proud? 
Frigga: Please, don't make this worse. 
Loki: Define worse. 
Odin: Enough! I will speak to the prisoner alone. 
 
Loki:  I really don't see what all the fuss is about. 
Odin: Do you not truly feel the gravity of your crimes? Wherever you go there is war, ruin and death. 
Loki: I went down to Midgard to rule the people of Earth as a benevolent god. Just like you. 
Odin: We are not gods. We are born, we live, we die. Just as humans do. 
Loki: Give or take 5000 years. 
Odin: All this because Loki desires a throne. 
Loki: It is my birthright. 
Odin: Your birthright was to die as a child. Cast out onto a frozen rock. If I had not taken you in you would not be here now to hate me. 
Loki: If I am for the axe, then for mercy's sake, just swing it. It's not that I don't love our little talks, it's just ... I don't love them. 
Odin: Frigga is the only reason you are still alive and you will never see her again. You will spend the rest of your days in the dungeons. 
Loki: And what of Thor? You'll make that witless oaf king while I rot in chains? 
Odin: Thor must strife to undo the damage you have done. He will bring order to the nine realms and then, yes. He will be king. 

 
 
Sif: I've got this completely under control! 
Thor: Is that why everything is on fire? 
 
Sif: You're welcome.  All yours. 
Thor: Hello.  I accept your surrender. 
 
Thor: Anyone else? 
 
Fandral: Perhaps next time we should start with the big one. 
Guard: Keep moving. Come on! Keep moving. Go ahead of me. Don't you turn around! 
Hogun: Where do we go next? 
Thor: Hogun, the peace is nearly won across the Nine Realms. You should stay here. Be with your people, where your heart is. Asgard can wait. 
Hogun: You have my thanks. 
Thor: As you have mine. Heimdall, when you're ready. 

 
Odin: Is Vanaheim secure? 
Thor: As are Nornheim and Ria. Though our work would have gone more quickly with you at the fore. 
Odin: You must think I'm a piece of bread that needs to be buttered so heavily. 
Thor: That was not my intent. 
Odin: For the first time since the Bifrost was destroyed, the Nine Realms are at peace. They're well reminded of our strength and you have earned their respect and my gratitude. 
Thor: Thank you. 
Odin: Nothing out of order except your confused and distracted heart. 
Thor: This isn't about Jane Foster, Father. 
Odin: Human lives are fleeting, they are nothing. You'd be better served by what lies in front of you  I'm telling you this not as the all-father but as your father. You are ready. The time has come for you to take the throne. Embrace and celebrate what you've won. Join your warriors. Eat and drink, revel in their celebration. At least pretend to enjoy yourself. 
 
Sif: There was a time you would celebrate for weeks. 
Thor: I remember you celebrated the battle of Haragon so much that you nearly started a second. 
Sif: Well, the first was so much fun. 
 
Sif: Take a drink with me. Surely the All-Father could have no further task for you tonight. 
Thor: No, this is one I set myself. 
Sif: It has not gone unnoticed that you disappear each night. There are Nine Realms. Future king of Asgard must focus on more than one. 
Thor: I thank you for your sword and for your counsel, good Lady Sif. 
 
 
Richard: Hi. 
Jane Foster: Hi. 
Richard: So what's the story with you? 
Jane Foster: Why does there have to be a story, there's no story. 
Richard: You've spent the first ten minutes of our date hiding behind a menu that has three choices on it. It's either chicken, vegetarian or fish, Jane. I think there's a story and I'm thinking the story involves a guy? 
Jane Foster: It's complicated. 
Richard: Is he still around? 
Jane Foster: No, he...went away. 
Richard: I've been there. The going away, it's hard. I'd been seeing a woman and uh...she took a job in New York, eventually the distance killed it. And...and the fact that she uh...she kept sleeping with other dudes. 
Jane Foster: No! 
Richard: Oh, so many. 
 
Richard: Hi. Um...could we get some wine please? 
Darcy Lewis: Sure, I'd love some. 
Jane Foster: Richard, this is Darcy.  What are you doing here? 
 
Richard: Oh, hello. 
 
Darcy Lewis: So, I show up to work at the lab-slash-your mom's house, fully expecting you to be moping around in your pajamas eating ice cream obsessing about you know who... 
Richard: Ah. 
Darcy Lewis: But you're not! You're wearing lady clothes, you even showered, didn't you? You smell good. 
Jane Foster: Is there a point to all this, cause there really has to be a point to all this. 
Darcy Lewis: Right. You know that scientific equipment you don't look at anymore? You might wanna start looking at it now 
 
Darcy Lewis: This is the reason we came all the way out here. 
Jane Foster: It's malfunctioning. 
Darcy Lewis: That's what I said. 
 
Darcy Lewis: That's what I did! But you just hit a little more scientific. 
Jane Foster: I'm sure it's nothing. 
Richard: Yeah. 
 
Darcy Lewis: It didn't look like nothing. Kind of looks like the readings that Erik was rambling about.  Our friend Erik, kind of went banana-balls. 
Jane Foster: He's not interested. I'm not interested. Time for you to go now. 
Darcy Lewis: Okay. 
 
Richard: Short but sweet. 
Jane Foster: She needs help. 
 
Richard: I think I'm gonna have the sea bass. 
Jane Foster: Sea bass. Yeah, sea bass is good. 
 
Jane Foster: Sea bass, sea bass, sea bass, sea bass, sea bass, sea bass, sea bass...sea bass. Sea bass... 
Richard: Jane, maybe you should stop saying sea bass and go out to your friend. 
 
Jane Foster: This was so fun. 
Richard: You know, I'll just stay here and say sea bass alone. 
 
Jane Foster: And I hate you. 
Darcy Lewis: What?! I thought he was cute. 
Jane Foster: Just shut up and drive. 
 
Jane Foster: Who's he? 
Darcy Lewis: He's my intern. 
Jane Foster: You have an intern? 
Darcy Lewis: Oh, yeah. 
Ian Boothby: Hello, Dr. Foster. It's uh...it's a great honor to be working with you. 
Jane Foster: Right. I have to call Erik. 
 
Ian Boothby: Oh, uh...take a right. 
 
Ian Boothby: Left! 
 
Darcy Lewis: I have totally mastered driving in London. 
 
Jane Foster: Hi, Erik, it's me again. Where are you? I came here because you said you were onto something and then vanished. 
 
Stonehenge TV News Reporter: I'm here at Stonehenge, for what has been an interesting unfolding of events today. The police reported the scene shortly after 11 a.m. this morning, after a seemingly harmless rambler approached the area then started to strip naked and effectively terrorize tourists there with scientific equipment while shouting that he was trying to save them. The man later identified as noted Astrophysicist Dr. Erik Selvig has been called in for questioning by police. 
 
Darcy Lewis: Come on, this is exciting! Look, the intern is excited. 
Ian Boothby: Ian. 
Darcy Lewis: Do you want the phase meter? 
Jane Foster: No. 
Darcy Lewis:  Bring the phase meter. 
 
Darcy Lewis: The toaster looking thing. 
Ian Boothby: I know what the phase meter is. 
 
Jane Foster: How do I change the ring tone on this thing? 
Darcy Lewis: An Astrophysicist with three degrees should be able to change her own ring tone. 
 
Jane Foster: Why are you calling me? 
Darcy Lewis: I didn't want to shout.  Intern, the entrance is this way. 
Ian Boothby: Ian. My name's Ian. 
 
Darcy Lewis: I am not getting stabbed in the name of science. 
 
Darcy Lewis: It's okay, we're Americans! 
Jane Foster: Is that supposed to make them like us? 
 
Maddie: Make it go away... 
Navid: Ssh! 
 
Jane Foster: Oh, they're kids. 
Maddie: Are you the police? 
Jane Foster: No, we're scientists. Well, I am. 
Darcy Lewis: Thanks. 
Navid: We just found it. 
Jane Foster: Can you show us? 
 
Darcy Lewis: That doesn't seem rigged. 
 
Darcy Lewis: Where did it go? 
 
Darcy Lewis: That's...that's incredible. 
 
Darcy Lewis: What happened? 
Maddie: Sometimes they come back, sometimes they don't. 
Darcy Lewis: I want to throw something. Jane, give me your shoe. 
 
Jane Foster: I haven't seen readings like this since... 
Darcy Lewis: New Mexico? 
 
Jane Foster: Don't touch anything! 
Darcy Lewis:  Give me your shoe. 
 
Darcy Lewis: Where those the car keys? 
 
Jane Foster: Darcy! 
 
Malekith:  The Aether awakens us. The Convergence returns. 
 
Heimdall: You're late. 
Thor: Merriment can sometimes be a heavier burden than battle. 
Heimdall: Then you're doing one of them incorrectly. 
 
Thor: Perhaps. How fare the stars? 
Heimdall: Still shining. From here I can see Nine Realms and ten trillion souls. 
 
Heimdall: You recall what I told you of the Convergence? 
Thor: Yes, the alignment of the worlds. It approaches, doesn't it? 
Heimdall: The universe hasn't seen this marvel since before my watch began. Few can sense, even fewer can see it. A world that's infected can be dangerous. It is truly beautiful. 
 
Thor: I see nothing. 
Heimdall: Or perhaps that is not the beauty you seek. 
 
Thor: How is she? 
Heimdall: She's quite clever, your mortal. She doesn't know it yet, but she studies the Convergence as well. Even... 
 
Thor: What? 
Heimdall: I can't see her. 
  
Darcy Lewis: Jane! Where the hell were you? 
Jane Foster: Tell me you didn't call the police! 
Darcy Lewis: What was I supposed to do? 
Jane Foster: Not call the police! 
Darcy Lewis: I was freaking out. 
Jane Foster: You call the cops they tell the feds, the next thing you know we have SHIELD crawling all over area fifty-one-ing the place. 
Darcy Lewis: Jane! 
Jane Foster: We had a stable gratification anomaly, we had unheeded access. Our only competition was ten years old! 
Darcy Lewis: Jane, you were gone for five hours! 
Jane Foster: What?  
Darcy Lewis: That's weird.  Typical.  
Thor: Jane.  
Jane Foster: Sorry. I just needed to make sure you were real, it's been a very strange day. 
Thor: Well, I am. Jane...  
Jane Foster: Where were you?! 
Thor: Where were you? Heimdall could not see you. 
Jane Foster: I was right here where you left me. I was waiting and then I was crying and then I went out looking for you. You said you were coming back 
Thor: I know, I know, but the Bifrost was destroyed. The Nine Realms erupted into chaos, wars were raging, marauding hordes were pillaging. I had to put an end to the slaughter. 
Jane Foster: As excuses go, that's not terrible. But I saw you on TV, you were...you were in New York! 
Thor: Jane, I fought to protect you from the dangers of my world, but I was wrong, I was a fool.  I believe that fate brought us together. Jane, I don't know where you were or what happened, but I do know this. 
Jane Foster: What? 
Thor: I know... 
Jane Foster: You do? 
Thor: Do what?  
Jane Foster: Hey! Is that you?  
Jane Foster: Uh...we're kind of in the middle of something. 
Darcy Lewis: Um...I'm pretty sure we are getting arrested. 
Jane Foster:  Hold that thought.  
Darcy Lewis: Look at you, still all muscly and everything. How's space? 
Thor: Space is fine.  
Jane Foster: Excuse me? 
Police Officer #1: Are you Jane Foster? 
Jane Foster: Yes. 
Police Officer #1:  Do you know this man? 
Jane Foster: He's my intern. My intern's intern. 
Police Officer #1: This is private property and you're trespassing, the lot of you. You'll have to come with me.  
Thor: Jane! Jane?  You alright? 
Jane Foster: What just happened?  
Police Officer #2: Place your hands on your head, step back! 
Thor: The woman is unwell. 
Police Officer #2: She's dangerous. 
Thor: So am I.  
Police Officer #2: Requesting armed response officers to the scene.  
Thor: Hold on to me. 
Jane Foster: What are you doing?  
Darcy Lewis: Holy shit!  
Jane Foster: We have to do that again.  Hi. 
Heimdall: Welcome to Asgard.  
Malekith:  Look at my legacy, Algrim. I barely remember the time before light.  
Algrim:  Our survival will be your legacy. 
Malekith:  The Asgardians will suffer as we have suffered. I will reclaim the Aether. I will restore our world and I'll put an end to this poisonous world.  
Jane Foster: What's that? 
Eir: Be still.  
Thor: This is not of Earth, what is it? 
Asgardian Nurse: We do not know, but she will not survive the amount of energy surging within her.  
Jane Foster: That's a quantum field generator, isn't it? 
Eir: It's a Soul Forge. 
Jane Foster: Does a Soul Forge transfer molecular energy from one place to another?  
Eir: Yes.  
Jane Foster: It's a quantum field generator.   
Odin: My words are mere noises to you that you ignore them completely? 
Thor: She's ill. 
Odin: She is mortal. Illness is their defining trait. 
Thor: I brought here because we can help her. 
Odin: She does not belong here in Asgard anymore than a goat belongs at a banquet table.  
Jane Foster: Did he just...?  Who do you think you are? 
Odin: I'm Odin. King of Asgard. Protector of the Nine Realms. 
Jane Foster: Oh. Well, I'm... 
Odin: I know very well who you are, Jane Foster.  
Jane Foster: You told your Dad about me? 
Thor: Something is within her, father, something I have not seen before. 
Odin: Her world has its healers, their called doctors, let them deal with it. Guards, take her back to Midgard.  
Thor: Don't touch her.  Jane, are you alright?  
Odin: That's impossible. 
Eir: The infection, it's defending her. 
Thor: No, it's defending itself. 
Odin: Come with me. There are relics that predate the universe itself. What lies within her appears to be one of them. The Nine Realms are not eternal. They had a dawn as they will have a dusk.  But before that dawn the dark forces, the Dark Elves, reigned absolute and unchallenged. 
Thor:  "Born of eternal night, the Dark Elves comes to steal away your light." They were these stories mother told us as children. 
Odin: Their leader, Malekith made a weapon out of that darkness, it was called the Aether. While the other relics often appeared as stones, the Aether is fluid and ever changing. It changes matter into dark matter and seeks out to host bodies, drawing strength from their life force. Malekith sought to use the Aether's power to return the universe to one of darkness. But after eternities of blood shed, my father Bor, finally triumphed, ushering in the peace that lasted thousands of years. 
Jane Foster: What happened? 
Odin: He killed them all. 
Thor: Are you certain? The Aether was said to have been destroyed with them and yet here it is. 
Odin: The Dark Elves are dead. 
Jane Foster: Does your book happen to mention how to get it out of me? 
Odin: No, it does not.  
Malekith:  The Realms will be aligned soon.  
Malekith:  You'll be the last of the Kursed.  
Algrim:  Let my life be sacrificed. The same as our people. 
Malekith:  You will become darkness, doomed to this existence until it consumes you.  And then no power of our enemies will stop me. 
Algrim:  I'll destroy their defenses and resurrect the universe.   
Loki: Odin continues to bring me new friends. How thoughtful. 
Frigga: The books I sent, do they not interest you?  
Loki: Is that how I'm to while away eternity, reading? 
Frigga: I've done everything in my power to make you comfortable, Loki. 
Loki: Have you? Does Odin share your concern? Does Thor? It must be so inconvenient them asking after me day and night. 
Frigga: You know full well it was your actions that brought you here. 
Loki: My actions. I was merely giving truth to the lie that I had been fed my entire life, that I was born to be a king. 
Frigga: A king? A true king admits his faults. What of the lives you took on Earth? 
Loki: A mere handful compared to the number that Odin has taken himself. 
Frigga: Your father... 
Loki:  He's not my father! 
Frigga: Then am I not your mother?  
Loki: You're not.  
Frigga: Always so perceptive about everyone but yourself.   
Jane Foster: When you came for me, you knew I was in trouble. 
Thor: Well Heimdall had lost sight of you, you were no longer on Earth. 
Jane Foster: Well, how's that possible? 
Thor: I believe you were in between worlds. The Nine Realms travel within Yggdrasil, orbiting Midgard in much the way your planet orbits the sun. Every five thousand years the worlds align perfectly, we call this the Convergence.  During this time the boarders between worlds become blurred. It's possible you found one of these points. We are lucky that it remained open. Once the worlds pass out of alignment, the connection is lost.  
Jane Foster: I liked the way you explained that. What's gonna happen to me? 
Thor: I'll find a way to save you, Jane. 
Jane Foster: Your father said there was... 
Thor: My father doesn't know everything.  
Frigga: Don't let him hear you say that. 
Thor: Jane Foster, please meet Frigga, the Queen of Asgard, my mother.  
Jane Foster: Hi.  
Loki: You might want to take the stairs to the left.  
Frigga: The prisons. 
Thor: Loki. 
Frigga:  Go, I will look after her.  
Fandral: It's as if they resent being imprisoned. 
Volstagg: There's no pleasing some creatures.  
Thor: Return to your cells and further harm will come to you. You have my word.  Very well, you don't have my word.  
Odin:  Send a squadron to the weapons vault, defend it at all costs. Seal the dungeon. 
Frigga: Odin. 
Odin: Frigga.  Go!  It's a skirmish, nothing to fear. 
Frigga: You've never been a very good liar.  
Odin: Take her to you chambers, I'll come for you when it's safe. 
Frigga: You take care. 
Odin: Despite all I have survived, my queen still worries over me. 
Frigga: It's only because I worry over you that you have survived.  Listen to me now, I need you to do everything I ask and no questions. 
Jane Foster: Yes, ma'am.   
Odin: Frigga.  
Frigga: Stand down, creature. You may still survive this. 
Malekith: I have survived worse, woman. 
Frigga: Who are you? 
Malekith: I am Malekith, and I would have what it is mine.  You have taken something, child. Give it back.  Witch! Where is the Aether? 
Frigga: I'll never tell. 
Malekith: I believe you.   
Erik Selvig: The universe rotates on a five thousand year cycle, and once its cycled all the worlds align.  Imagine...imagine that this is our world, and...and...  Oh, thank you. And this is another world. Normally they're separate, but during the alignment everything is connected. All Nine Realms, all Nine Realms are passing through each other and gravity, light, and even matter, is crunching from one world to the other.  But if this happens to us now, the result would be cataclysmic. My gravimetric spikes can stabilize the focal point of the Convergence. This time the alignment, and all the other worlds, would just pass up by. It's beautiful. It's simple. Any questions?  
Patient: Yeah. Can I have my shoe back?  
Algrim:  I need your strength to reclaim the Aether. And when you wake up, you will kill them all. 
Einherjar Lieutenant: Jane Foster. You need to come with us.  
Fandral: We are still unable to restore the palace shields. Our artillery cannot detect them, even Heimdall cannot see them. My King, we are all but defenseless.  
Thor: She's your prisoner now?  Leave us.  
Odin: I do not wish to fight with you. 
Thor: Nor I with you, but I intend to pursue Malekith. 
Odin: We possess the Aether, Malekith will come to us. 
Thor: Yes, and you will destroy us. 
Odin: You overestimate the power of these creatures. 
Thor: No, I value our peoples lives. I'll take Jane to the Dark World and draw the enemy away from Asgard. When Malekith pulls the Aether from Jane it will be exposed vulnerable, and I will destroy it and him. 
Odin: If you fail, you risk this weapon falling into the hands of our enemies. 
Thor: The risk is far greater if we do nothing. His ship could be over our heads right now and we'd never even know it. 
Odin: If and when he comes, his men will fall by ten thousand Asgardian blades. 
Thor: And how of our men shall fall on theirs? 
Odin: As many as are needed!  We will fight! Until the last Asgardian breath, the last drop of Asgardian blood. 
Thor: And how are you different from Malekith?  
Odin: The difference, my son, is that I will win.   
Darcy Lewis: Jane isn't called me back. Erik isn't calling me back. Stupid SHIELD isn't calling me back! 
Ian Boothby: What's SHIELD? 
Darcy Lewis: It's a secret.  Uh...hey, Erik. It's Darcy again. Uh...Thor came back, he took Jane to Asgard and um...I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do.  
News Reporter: Something else went missing this week when Astrophysicist, Dr. Erik Selvig, notable for his involvement in the Alien invasion in New York streaked nude across Stonehenge. 
Ian Boothby: Darcy, you really need to look at this. Your friend Erik, what was his last name again?  
News Reporter: ...disrobed and began shouting at visitors at the historic site. He was later taken into police custody for psychiatric evaluation. The police are still refusing to confirm...   
Thor: You're not in Odin's war council? 
Heimdall: The Bifrost is closed by your father's orders. No one is to come or to go.  We face an enemy that is invisible even to me. Of what use is a guardian such as that?  
Thor: Malekith will return, you know this. I'll need your help. 
Heimdall: I cannot overrule my King's wishes, not even for you. 
Thor: I'm not asking you to. The Realms need their All-Father strong and unchallenged, whether he is or not. But he is blinded, Heimdall, by hatred and by grief. 
Heimdall: As are we all. 
Thor: Well I see clearly enough. 
Heimdall: The risks are too great. 
Thor: Everything that we do from here on is a risk, there is no other way.  
Heimdall: What do you require of me? 
Thor: What I'm about to ask of you is treason of the highest order. Success will bring us exile and failure shall mean our death. Malekith knew the Aether was here, he can sense its power. If we do nothing he will come for it again, but this time lay waste to all of Asgard.  We must move Jane off world. 
Sif: The Bifrost has been shut down and the Tesseract locked away in a vault. 
Heimdall: There are other paths off Asgard, ways known only to a few. 
Thor: One, actually.  
Volstagg: No.  
Loki: Thor, after all this time and now you come to visit me. Why? Have you come to gloat? To mock? 
Thor: Loki, enough. No more illusions.  
Loki: Now you see me, brother.  Did she suffer? 
Thor: I did not come here to share our grief. Instead I offer you the chance of a far richer sacrament. 
Loki: Go on. 
Thor: I know you seek vengeance as much as I do. You help me escape Asgard and I will grant it to you, vengeance. And afterward, this cell.  
Loki: You must be truly desperate to come to me for help. What makes you think you can trust me? 
Thor: I don't. Mother did. You should know that when we fought each other in the past, I did so with a glimmer of hope that my brother was still in there somewhere. That hope no longer exists to protect you. You betray me and I will kill you.  
Loki: Hmm. When do we start?  
Fandral: He will betray you. 
Thor: He will try.  
Loki: This is so unlike you, brother. So clandestine. Are you sure you wouldn't rather just punch your way out? 
Thor: If you keep speaking I just might. 
Loki: Fine. As you wish. I'm not even here.  Is this better? 
Thor: It's better company at least. 
Loki: Still, we could be less conspicuous.  Hm, brother. You look ravishing.  
Thor: It will hurt no less when I kill you in this form. 
Loki: Very well. Perhaps you prefer one of your new companions, given that you seem to like them so much.  Oh, this is much better. Woh. The costume's a bit much, so tight. But the confidence, I can feel the righteousness surging. Hey, you wanna have a rousing discussion about truth, honor, patriotism? God bless Amer–  What?  You could at least furnish me with a weapon. My dagger, something! At last, a little common sense. 
Thor: And I thought you liked tricks.   
Fandral: Well, what then? Your lovely mortal is being guarded by a legion of our Einherjar who will see you coming from miles away. 
Thor: I won't be the one who comes for her.  
Jane Foster: I'm not hungry.  
Sif: Good, let's go.  
Jane Foster: You're... 
Loki: I'm Loki. You may have heard of...  
Jane Foster: That was for New York.  
Loki: I like her.  
Sif: And what of the All-Father? 
Heimdall: It is my sworn duty to notify him of crimes against the throne.  
Odin: You called me here on an urgent matter. What is it? 
Heimdall: Treason, my lord. 
Odin: Whose? 
Heimdall: Mine.  
Einherjar Lieutenant: My King, the mortal has been taken.  
Odin: Stop Thor, by any means necessary.  
Guards: There they are! Take them. On my command. 
Sif: I'll hold them off. Take her. 
Thor: Thank you.  
Sif: Betray him and I'll kill you.  
Loki: It's good to see you too, Sif.  
Volstagg: Assuming you can get Loki's help, and you can free this mortal, what good would it do? We'd all be dead the minute we step one foot outside the palace. 
Thor: That, my friend, is where we won't be leaving by foot.  
Volstagg: I will give you as much time as I can. 
 
Thor: Thank you, my friend.  
Volstagg: If you even think about betraying him... 
Loki: You'll kill me? Evidently there will be a line.   I thought you said you knew how to fly this thing. 
Thor: I said, "how hard could it be?"  
Guard: They're on the ship! 
Loki: They're on the ship!  Well, whatever you're doing, brother, I suggest you do it faster. 
Thor: Shut up, Loki.  
Loki: You must have missed something. 
Thor: No, I didn't, I'm pressing every button on this thing. 
Loki: No, don't hit it, just press it gently.  
Thor: I am pressing it gently. It's not working!  
Guards: Get him! Get him! 
 
Loki: I think you missed a column. 
Thor: Shut up!   
Loki: Look, why don't you let me take over, I'm clearly the better pilot. 
Thor: Is that right? Well, out of the two of us which one can actually fly?  
Loki: Oh, dear. Is she dead? 
Thor: Jane.  
Jane Foster: I'm okay.  
Thor: Not a word.  
Loki: Now they're following us.  Now they're firing at us! 
Thor: Yeah, thank you for the commentary, Loki! It's not at all distracting!  
Loki: Well done, you just decapitated your grandfather.  You know this is wonderful. This is a tremendous idea. Let's steal the biggest, most obvious ship in the universe and escape in that. Flying around the city, smashing into everything in sight so everyone can see us. It's brilliant, Thor! It's truly brilliant!  
Fandral:  I see your time in the dungeons has made you no less graceful, Loki.   
Loki: You lied to me. I'm impressed. 
Thor: I'm glad you're pleased. Now, do as you promised. Take us to your secret pathway.  Fandral. 
Fandral: Right.  For Asgard.  Nothing personal, boys!  
Thor: Loki! 
Loki: If it were easy everyone would do it. 
Thor: Are you mad? 
Loki: Possibly.  Ta-da!  
Algrim:  We must attack now. 
Malekith:  No. Asgard is not important anymore. The Aether has returned home.  
Loki:  What I could do with the power that flows through those veins. 
Thor: It would consume you. 
Loki: She's holding up alright, for now. 
Thor: She's strong in ways you'd never even know. 
Loki: Say goodbye. 
Thor: Not this day. 
Loki: This day, the next, a hundred years, it's nothing. It's a heart beat. You'll never be ready. The only woman whose love you've prized will be snatched from you. 
Thor: And will that satisfy you? 
Loki: Satisfaction is not in my nature. 
Thor: Surrender not in mine. 
Loki: The son of Odin. 
Thor: No, not just of Odin! You think you alone were loved of mother? You had her tricks, but I had her trust! 
Loki: Trust. Was that her last expression? Trust? When you let her die! 
Thor: What help were you in your cell? 
Loki: Who put me there? Who put me there?!  
Thor: You know damn well! You know damn well who!  She wouldn't want us to fight. 
Loki: Well, she wouldn't exactly be shocked.  
Thor: I wish I could trust you.  
Loki: Trust my rage.  
Desk Officer: You'll have to sign for your father's belongings, Mr. Selvig.  
Ian Boothby: What? Oh, yeah. My father, Dr. Erik Selvig.  
Desk Officer: One; a man's leather wallet, brown. One key ring with three keys. Prescription medicine.  Various.  
Darcy Lewis: Erik. 
Desk Officer: And...  These. 
Ian Boothby: Yeah, those. Thank goodness.  
Darcy Lewis: Erik. 
Erik Selvig: Yes? 
Darcy Lewis: It's uh...Darcy. 
Erik Selvig: Darcy.  It's so good to see you. 
Darcy Lewis: Uh...I missed you too.  
Erik Selvig: How did you find me? 
Ian Boothby: You were naked on TV. 
Darcy Lewis: Okay, time to go. Lots to do.  Getting weird now.  I should not be left in charge of stuff like this, I don't get paid enough. I don't get paid period.  
Ian Boothby: I'm uh...Ian by the way. Uh..Darcy's intern. I don't get paid either.  Are you alright? 
Erik Selvig: I have had a God in my brain. I don't recommend it.  
Ian Boothby: Dr. Selvig, your gear is beeping at me. 
Erik Selvig: It's happening, sooner than I calculated. 
Darcy Lewis: Wait, what's happening?  Birds? Birds are happening? 
Ian Boothby: They're starlings, it's called a murmuration. My dad used to take me bird watching as a kid. 
Darcy Lewis: Erik? 
Erik Selvig: Look.  
Darcy Lewis: Where did they go?  What the hell was that?!  Why are you smiling? 
Erik Selvig: There's nothing more reassuring than realizing that the world is crazier than you are.  Take me to Jane's lab!  
Thor: Jane. 
Jane Foster: Malekith.  
Thor: Alright, are you ready?  
Loki: I am.  You know this plan of yours is going to get us killed. 
Thor: Yeah, possibly.  
Loki: You still don't trust me, brother? 
Thor: Would you?  
Loki: No, I wouldn't.  
Jane Foster: Thor! No!   
Loki: You really think I cared about Frigga, about any of you?  All I ever wanted was you and Odin dead at my feet!  Malekith, I am Loki of Jotunheim and I bring you a gift!  I ask only one thing in return, a good seat from which to watch Asgard burn. 
Algrim:   He is an enemy of Asgard, he was locked in a cell.  
Malekith: Look at me.  
Thor: Loki, now!   No!  
Loki: See you in hell, monster!  
Thor: No. No, no, no! Oh, you fool, you didn't listen! 
Loki: I know. I'm a fool. I'm a fool!  
Thor: Stay with me, okay? 
Loki: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 
Thor: Shh. 
Loki: I'm sorry. 
Thor: It's okay.  It's alright. I'll tell father what you did here today. 
Loki: I didn't do it for him.  
Thor: No!   
Jane Foster: He's gonna unleash it, not just on Asgard or on a star, Malekith is gonna destroy everything. 
Thor: How? Jane, how? 
Jane Foster: I saw him on Earth. Why would he go to Earth? 
Thor: The Convergence. 
Jane Foster: Oh, God. None of this would have happened if I hadn't found the Aether. 
Thor: Then Malekith would have only possessed it that much sooner. 
Jane Foster: I only found it because I was looking for you. 
Thor: Jane.  
Jane Foster: Now we're trapped here.  
Thor: It's not me.  
Jane Foster: Hello? 
Richard: Hi, Jane, it's Richard. 
Jane Foster: Richard?! Where are you? 
Richard: I'm still in the office. It's...It's been a crazy day here today.  
Jane Foster: Oh, my God! This is amazing. 
Richard: Is it? I quite enjoyed our lunch despite never actually ordering anything. 
Jane Foster: How am I getting service here? 
Richard: Is this a bad time? Do you want me to try you there? 
Jane Foster: No, no, no, no! Please, whatever you do, do not hang up the phone. 
Richard: Okay then. I was just wondering if you want to try again? Uh...maybe dinner next time. 
Jane Foster: Uh...yeah, yeah, yeah. Um...just stay on the phone, okay? 
Richard: Yeah, I will.  
Jane Foster: Oh, my God.  
Richard: Am I interrupting something. 
Jane Foster: No, no, no, nothing at all.  Come on. 
Richard: I'm losing you there, are you in a tunnel?  
Thor: Where are we going? 
Richard:  Hello?  
Thor: Why are there so many shoes in here?  
Richard: I'll just text her.  
Darcy Lewis: Jane! 
Jane Foster: Hey. 
Darcy Lewis: You can't just leave like that, the whole world is going crazy!  All the stuff we saw is spreading.  Did you go to a party?  
Jane Foster: Erik?! 
Erik Selvig: Jane, how wonderful!  You've been to Asgard. 
Jane Foster: Where are your pants? 
Ian Boothby: Oh, uh...he uh...he says it helps him think. 
Jane Foster: Okay. Well, I'm gonna need everything you got on this. All the work you've been doing on gravimetric anomalies, everything. 
Erik Selvig: Okay. 
Thor: Are you well, Erik?  
Erik Selvig: Your brother is not coming, is he? 
Thor: Loki is dead. 
Erik Selvig: Oh, thank God.  I...I'm so sorry. 
Thor: Thank you.   
Einherjar Guard: Forgive me, my liege. I've returned from the Dark World with news. 
Odin: Thor? 
Einherjar Guard: There's no sign of Thor, or the weapon, but...  
Odin: What? 
Einherjar Guard: We found a body.  
Odin: Loki.   
Jane Foster: Malekith is going to fire the Aether at a spot where all the nine worlds are connected. 
Erik Selvig: Amplifying the weapon's impact. With each additional world, the power will increase exponentially. The effect would be universal. 
Thor: Yes, well the alignment is only temporary. He must be in exactly at the right place at the right time. 
Darcy Lewis: Well, how do we know where that is? 
Erik Selvig: We follow the directions. This has happened before, thousands of years ago, and The Ancients were there to see it.  All the great constructions: the Mayas, the Chinese, the Egyptians, they made use of the gravitational effects of the Convergence. And they left us a map.  Stonehenge. Snowdon, the Great Orme. These are all coordinates taking us...here.  
Ian Boothby: Greenwich? 
Jane Foster: The walls between worlds will be almost non-existent. Physics is gonna go ballistic. Increase and decrease in gravity, spatial extrusions. The very fabric of reality is gonna be torn apart.  
Erik Selvig: I better get my pants.  
Darcy Lewis: Focus, this is important. We have to hammer them in all around the site and then Jane and Erik will activate them from the tower. 
Ian Boothby: They're taped together! 
Darcy Lewis: Do you even know what these things do? 
Ian Boothby: No. 
Darcy Lewis: Neither do I.  Come on, come on! 
Ian Boothby: Fine!  
Darcy Lewis: Holy shit!  
Malekith: You needn't have come so far, Asgardian! Death would have come to you soon enough. 
Thor: Not by your hand! 
Malekith: Your universe was never meant to be. Your world and your family will be extinguished.   
Erik Selvig: We're running out of time. 
Jane Foster: Almost there. 
Erik Selvig: Are you sure this is going to work? These devices were made to detect anomalies, not cause them. 
Jane Foster: Oh, come on.  Come on, Darcy.  
Thor: You know with all that power, I thought you would hit harder.  
Ian Boothby: Done.  
Erik Selvig: The Convergence will be in full effect in seven minutes. 
Jane Foster: That just means we have to keep Malekith busy for eight.  Okay, you might wanna hold on to something.  
Darcy Lewis: That is awesome! How did you do that? 
Jane Foster: Well, gravitational fields interact with the weak spot between worlds creating... 
Darcy Lewis: Oh, there's a guy with a sword!  
Jane Foster: Oops. 
Erik Selvig: Let's go.  
Darcy Lewis: What the hell just happened?  Move!  
Jane Foster: What are you all doing? You need to get out of here! Now! 
Student: You're joking, right? That's Thor out there waving his hammer around and everything!  
Control: Confirming ship is hostile. 
Pilot: Confirm, the ship is hostile. You have permission to engage. 
Control: Roger. The missile's locked. The missile's on its way.  Missile off target! I repeat... 
Pilot: Mayday! I'm losing control. Mayday! Mayday! I'm losing control!   
Erik Selvig: What are you doing? 
Jane Foster: My signal's lost connection.  
Erik Selvig: Jane! Come on!  
Ian Boothby: Are you alright? 
Darcy Lewis: You saved my life. 
Ian Boothby: Yeah. Yes, I did.  
Jane Foster: Darcy? 
Darcy Lewis: Jane!  
Erik Selvig: Ian? 
Ian Boothby: Selvig!  
Darcy Lewis: Meowmeow!  
Man:  Mind the gap. 
 
Thor: How do I get to Greenwich? 
Woman on Train: Take this train, three stops.  
Man:  Mind the gap. 
 
Woman on Train: Sorry. Sorry.  
 
Jane Foster: We're out of time.  
Erik Selvig: Jane. Jane!  
Jane Foster: Thor! We're too late. 
Erik Selvig: The Convergence is at its peak.  
Thor: Can those things stop him? 
Erik Selvig: Not from here. 
Jane Foster: We can't get close enough.  
Thor: I can.   Malekith!  
Malekith: Darkness returns, Asgardian. Have you come to witness the end of your universe? 
Thor: I've come to accept your surrender.  
Malekith: You think you can stop this? The Aether cannot be destroyed. 
Thor: But you can.   
Jane Foster: Thor! No!  
Erik Selvig: Jane!  Everybody okay?   
Darcy Lewis: He's gonna come back. Except, you know, last time he was gone for, like, two years. 
Jane Foster: Well, it's only been two days, so... 
Erik Selvig: Did he say anything before he left? 
Jane Foster: Yeah, he had to figure some stuff out with his father. He kind of committed treason... on our way out.  
Erik Selvig: Oh. 
 
Odin: You once said there would never be a wiser King than me. You were wrong. The alignment has brought all the realms together. Every one of them saw you offer your life to save them. What can Asgard offer its new King in return? 
Thor: My life. Father, I cannot be King of Asgard. I will protect Asgard and all the realms with my last and every breath, but I cannot do so from that chair. Loki, for all his grave imbalance, understood rule as I know I never will. The brutality, the sacrifice, it changes you. I'd rather be a good man than a great King. 
Odin: Is this my son I hear, or the woman he loves? 
Thor: When you speak, do I never hear Mother's voice?  This is not for Jane, Father. She does not know what I came here to say. Now forbid me to see her or say she can rule at my side, it changes nothing. 
Odin: One son who wanted the throne too much, another who will not take it. Is this my legacy? 
Thor: Loki died with honor, I shall try to live the same. Is that not legacy enough?  
Odin: It belongs to you, if you are worthy of it. 
Thor: I shall try to be. 
Odin: I cannot give you my blessing, nor can I wish you good fortune. 
Thor: I know.  
Odin: If I were proud of the man my son had become, even that I could not say. It would speak only from my heart. Go, my son.  
Thor: Thank you, father.  
Loki: No. Thank you.   
Collector's Assistant: I present to you, Taneleer Tivan, The Collector. 
The Collector: Woh, Oh. Asgardians, it's an honor.  
Sif: You know why we're here. 
The Collector: Of course. But if I may ask, why not keep it secure in your own vault? 
Volstagg: The Tesseract is already on Asgard. It's not wise to keep two Infinity Stones so close together. 
The Collector: That's very wise.  I can assure you it will be absolutely safe in...in my collection. 
Sif: See that it is.  
The Collector: One down, five to go.  

 
Sif: I've got this completely under control! 
Thor: Is that why everything's on fire? 
. . . 
 
Sif: All yours.  
Thor: Hello.  I accept your surrender. 
 
Thor: Anyone else? 

Loki:  I really don't see what all the fuss is about… 
Odin: Do you not truly feel the gravity of your crimes? Wherever you go there is war, ruin and death! 
Loki: I went down to Midgard to rule the people of Earth as a benevolent God, just like you. 
Odin: We are not gods. We're born, we live, we die, just as humans do. 
Loki: Give or take five thousand years. 
Odin: All this because Loki desires a throne... 
Loki: It is my birthright! 
Odin: Your birthright was to DIE! As a child, cast out on a frozen rock. If I had not taken you in, you would not be here now, to hate me. 
Loki: If I'm for the axe, then for mercy's sake, just swing it. It's not that I don't like our little talks, it's just... I don't love them. 
Odin: Frigga is the only reason you're still alive, and you will never see her again. You'll spend the rest of your days in the dungeons. 
Loki: And what of Thor? You'll make that witless oaf King while I rot in chains? 
Odin: Thor must strive to undo the damage you have done. He will bring order to the Nine Realms, and then, yes, he will be King. 

Darcy Lewis: Come on, this is exciting. Look! The intern is excited. 
Ian: Ian, my name's Ian. 
Darcy Lewis: Do you want the phase meter? 
Jane Foster: No. 
Darcy Lewis: Bring the phase meter. The toaster looking thing. 
Ian: Yeah. I know what the phase meter is. 

 
Thor: Jane? 
 
Jane Foster: Sorry. I just…needed to make sure you were real. It's been a very strange day. 
Thor: I am. Jane— 
 
Jane Foster: Where were you?! 
Thor: Where were you? Heimdall could not see you. 
Jane Foster: I was right here where you left me! I was waiting, and then I was crying, and then I went out looking for you. You said you were coming back. 
Thor: I know. I know, but the Bifröst was destroyed. The Nine Realms erupted into chaos. Wars were raging, marauders were pillaging…I had to put an end to the slaughter. 
 
Jane Foster: As excuses go, it's not…terrible…But I saw you on TV! You were in New York! 
Thor: Jane, I fought to protect you from the dangers of my world, but I was wrong. I was a fool. I believe that fate brought us together. 
 

Malekith:  Look upon my legacy, Algrim. I can barely remember a time before the light. 
Algrim: Our survival will be your legacy. 
Malekith: The Asgardians will suffer as we have suffered. I will reclaim the Aether. I will restore our world. And I will put an end to this poisoned universe. 

Odin: She does not belong in Asgard any more than a goat belongs at a banquet! 
Jane Foster: Did he just-? Who do you think you are? 
Odin: I am Odin. King of Asgard. Protector of the Nine Realms. 
Jane Foster: Oh. Well I'm- 
Odin: I know very well who you are, Jane Foster. 
Jane Foster:  You told your dad about me? 

Frigga: You know full well it was your actions that brought you here. 
Loki: My actions? I was merely giving truth to the lie that I had been fed my entire life…that I was born to be a king. 
Frigga: A king? A true king admits his faults. What of the lives you took on Earth? 
Loki: A mere handful compared to the number that Odin has taken himself. 
Frigga: Your father— 
Loki: He's not my father! 
Frigga: Then am I not your mother? 
Loki: You're not. 
Frigga:  You're always so perceptive about everyone but yourself.  

 
Frigga: Stand down, creature, and you may still survive this. 
Malekith: I have survived worse, woman. 
Frigga: Who are you? 
Malekith: I am Malekith...  and I would have what is mine.  You have taken something, child. Give it back.  WITCH! Where is the Aether?! 
Frigga: I'll never tell you. 
Malekith: I believe you.  

Loki: Thor. After all this time and now you come to visit me. Why? Have you come to gloat? To mock? 
Thor: Loki, enough. No more illusions.  
Loki: Now you see me, brother. Did she suffer?  
Thor: I did not come here to share our grief. Instead, I offer you the chance of a far richer sacrament. 
Loki: Go on. 
Thor: I know you seek vengeance as much as I do. You help me escape Asgard, and I will grant it to you. Vengeance. And afterward, this cell. 
Loki:  You must be truly desperate to come to me for help. What makes you think you can trust me? 
Thor: I don't. Mother did. You should know that when we fought each other in the past, I did so with a glimmer of hope that my brother was still in there somewhere. That hope no longer exists to protect you. You betray me, and I will kill you. 
Loki: Hm. When do we start? 

 
Jane Foster: You're… 
Loki: I'm Loki. You may have heard— 
 
Jane Foster: That was for New York! 
Loki:  I like her. 
. . . 
Sif: Betray him, and I'll kill you. 
Loki: Good to see you too, Sif. 
. . . 
Volstagg: If you even think about betraying him… 
Loki: You'll kill me? Evidently, there will be a line. 

Loki: You know, this is wonderful! This a tremendous idea! Let's steal the biggest, most obvious ship in the universe and escape in that! Flying around the city, smash it into everything in sight so everyone can see us! It's brilliant, Thor! It's truly brilliant-  
Fandral:  I see your time in the dungeon has made you no less graceful, Loki! 
Loki:  You lied to me. I'm impressed. 

Loki:  If it were easy, everyone would do it. 
Thor: Are you mad? 
Loki: Possibly. 

Thor: You think you alone were loved of Mother? You had her tricks, but I had her trust! 
Loki: Trust? Was that her last expression, trust? While you let her die?! 
Thor: What good were you in your cell? 
Loki: Who put me there? Who put me there?! 
Thor: You know damn well! You know damn well who!  She wouldn't want us to fight. 
Loki: Well, she wouldn't exactly be shocked. 
Thor:  I wish I could trust you. 
Loki:  Trust my rage. 

Thor:  I will tell Father what you did here today. 
Loki: I didn't do it for him. 

 
Darcy Lewis: What the hell was that?  Why are you smiling? 
Erik Selvig: There's nothing more reassuring than realizing that the world is crazier than you are. 

Malekith: You needn't have come so far, Asgardian. Death would have come to you soon enough. 
Thor: Not by your hand! 
Malekith: Your universe was never meant to be. Your world and your family will be EXTINGUISHED! 

Malekith: Darkness returns, Asgardian. Have you come to witness the end of your universe? 
Thor: I've come to accept your surrender. 
Malekith: You think you can stop this?! The Aether cannot be destroyed! 
Thor: But you can.  

Odin: One son who wanted the throne too much, and another who will not take it. Is this my legacy? 
Thor: Loki died with honour. I shall try to live the same. Is that not legacy enough?  
Odin: It belongs to you, if you are worthy of it. 
Thor: I shall try to be. 
Odin: I can not give you my blessing, nor can I wish you good fortune. 
Thor: I know.  
Odin: If I were proud of the man my son has become, even that I could not say, it would speak only from my heart. Go, my son. 
Thor: Thank you, Father.  
Loki:  No... thank you. 